5.0<>One of the most popular place in Whitefield. This is my 4th visit , still can visit many more times. Such a cool environment. On Friday it’s hard to get table. So if you are planning to come then book your table prior. There is no dance floor but people use to dance beside their tables. Food is also tasty and yummy. Don’t forget to try pizza. One of the best pizza. Kurkuri fish and ghusao chilli chicken is some of best dishes for stater to try. Enjoyed a lot in my each visit.5.0<>We had a great time with Naveen. He treated us very well. In short he was a good care taker. I liked the food and the beer was very good. I will definitely visit Biergarten again, nd will be referring it to friends.5.0<>Great ambiance, good food and great music. A perfect place to go and hang out with friends. We enjoyed the link get music session. They have it sometimes on weekends. Weekend it's normally crowded, so it's better to book tables beforehand.5.0<>It's a nice place but a little crowded even on weekdays. food is great there and service is not that appreciated as staff is outnumbered because of crowd4.0<>Visited this place on a Saturday afternoon for a drink and lunch. The ambiance is really good and it has open air seating arrangements. We ordered Golden Ale which was their recommendation and it was perfectly brewed. One of the best brewed beer tasted till date. Along with the beer, we ordered Ghee Roast Prawns which had 7-8 Medium sized prawns served with 1 Parotta. The taste was really good with soft and perfectly cooked prawns. Little oily/too much ghee and thus avoided eating the parotta which was the base of the dish fully covered with ghee. Also ordered Bheja Fry which was amazing. Bheja was just melting in our mouth and quantity was good. Ended the meal with Tandoori Fish Tikka which was perfectly roasted and with generous amount of fish (Large fish pieces). Taste was really good. Bill was approx 2000 with two 500ml beer glasses and above 3 items. They have happy hours on alcohol but you can not use zomato gold for food and their happy hours for alcohol together.  Overall, a very good place if you want to try freshly brewed/craft beer and tasty starters/meal. Would definitely recommend this my friends and would love to visit again to explore their menu in further details. 5.0<>One of the favourite places in Whitefield area. I love their wheat beer a lot. Went more than 4 times. I will recommend Mushroom Galawti kabab and Ghee Roast. It is a little bit crowded on weekends but worth the wait on queue  Went there with Navonil Rahut5.0<>This place was on my mind since a year now and when I could finally make it there - I was with full of high hopes and expectations ; luckily this place met them extravagantly. From decore and ambience - this place is too beautiful with their interiors and well organised seating space. Food - Quantity was too less , but the taste was heaaaveeeennnnn 🤩 Drinks - can't say , because we did not drank the other day but I can assure you it will be good , also they have their own brewery. Music - we went on weekday , so can't say much but have heard this place is THE LIT on weekends. Rather , just close your eyes and do try this place once. No doubt even the Koramangala branch is also upto its mark.4.0<>Good food, good ambiance. Live music could've been better, but no biggie.  Some of the items that we ordered:  [Pizza] Diavola Con Pollo – 4.5/5 [Starters] Chicken Tikka Bao – 4/5 [Starters] Keema Ghotala Sliders – 4.5/5 [Mains] Gai Pad Krapow – 4/53.0<>A beautiful place I must say ! Ambience is lit as it is so cosy and classy specially the greenish touch they have added with beautiful lamps ! When I talk about food , it was average ! Service is good and the music is loud which is an addition to this place ! Overall it’s a good place to hangout with your friends but not to expect much on food ! Desserts are amazing though ! 🧁 🍰5.0<>A huge place with lovely ambiance . Love their beer. The ipa is strong and ful of flavor. They got some interesting food options and each of them are just great.3.0<>* Good ambience and spacious , as we went on Thursday Eve it's less crowded * In starters chicken nachos was really good Pastas we're average Mocktail - Melon and peach cooler was good * As we went at the closing time , they rushed us to finish the dinner and they started switching off the lights... Other than that everything was fine .5.0<>Best beer shorts.... Amazing place, the food was also amazing... The DJ was also good a great happening place... A must visit place when u r in bangalore3.0<>Ambiance - 4.5/5 Food - 2.5/5 Staff & Service - 3/5  Located on a prime location , there is lot of scope for improvement for this Place.  Since it is located on the main road , you might think of Parking issue , but don't worry , they have adequate parking space As soon as you enter the place , the ambiance will make you Wow . (Avoid going on sunny afternoon). They have 2 floors sitting arrangement and indoor & outdoor areas both . The decor is done near to perfect .   But , But , (2 times But is not at typo mistake BTW ;) ) -- The Food & the Service will just spoil your mood.   1st of all , their staff  is not well aware of the Menu , Not Polite at all . Service is just too slow even in days of less crowd .  2nd , Food is not good at all , and that is a complete injustice to this place because after all , Its Food that should be of utmost importance .   Few items we ordered :  Drinks were Good  Pizza - Just Ok Bao & Mushroom was Also Just Ok  Pasta tasted fine Lasagna - The Worst ;  I was not able to figure out which  vegetables or spices they did put in ; that made it so Bad Mac & Cheese  - Not good Either  And since , we were not very happy with the service & the food , didn't order Much .5.0<>Visited this place on my birthday. Though there was a discount on the liquor, we opted for Zomato gold on food instead. Ambience can improve alot. The beer and the food, both were tasty. Ordered alot of items and all of them were great especially the main course. Will visit again in future.5.0<>One of the town's best breweries . I have been to this place many times and every time experience has been great . Place is located right on the busy whitefield road but valet parking eases the pain . Ambiance is lively ,specially the roof top area. I will suggest to avoid sunny afternoons here as it gets really hot , but otherwise it's pleasant .  I have tried few starters ,for me pizza is a must try . Mushroom one was also spot on . What makes this place special is their freshly brewed beer. If I try to recall the breweries having beer of this quality ,I can hardly recall one or two .Must go place .  Cheers guys for maintaining the standards high!5.0<>We have been there multiple times for their tasty food. We have tried lot of menu items. All the very good in terms of quality and taste. This one is one of the best pubs serving tasty food.4.0<>I have been here quite a few times. Usually it’s a place where we come after office hours with our German counterparts. We have tried beers and cocktails. Don’t recommend Mojito, it’s horrible, everything else is ok. Ambiance is good and beers are good. Pricing is a little bit on expensive side given the setting. One bad this about this place is the music they play. It’s the same damn 90s playlist over and over again. Don’t go there for good songs at all. Although when people are drunk they pretty much dance at anything.  Pricing- 3.5/5 Ambiance- 4/5 Beer - 4/5 Cocktails-3/5 Food - 3.5/5 Music- 1/54.0<>The food is amazing and the staff service is really good especially naveen. U can really try the biergarten sausages and the pork rib if u r non vegetarian and also the music is good. However, they add extra service charge over GST which is quite not appreciable. The ambience is great and u can visit on a saturday because they usually have a live band performance.5.0<>Great brews. Wisenbock is an absolutely must try in the brewed beer section. The sausage platter is worthwhile as well. Being serviced by Rajesh was great too! Ambience is minimal, but appealing. And the music is just the right amplitude too!3.0<>Ambience - 5/5  The space is nicely spread, two storied and with great visibility across.   It's open air yet roof'd, which is the best.  The live band was fantastic...the DJ was insane, he played hip hop from the 90's which I was super happy about.  Service - 3.5/5  There were ample servers around and yet the service was a little slow.  They were courteous but I'd have liked more attention and not having to look for them over my shoulder.  Food - 3/5  The fries were well made, well seasoned;  The Tangy Baby Corn was great - not too tangy and also a little spicy;  Nachos were good...taste was amazing, just that they were overloaded and therefore too soggy;  Spicy Soya Spring rolls - I would not order these again to save my life.  The taste of the seasoning has scarred me for life, I think.  Too pungent and not pleasant.    Their wheat beer is superb!  Tip to the management - bringing all the dishes to the table at one go is NOT workin' out.  It will make the food cold, soggy and will lead to a poor experience.  I understood from several friends who visited you had the same experience...I suggest you revisit this process.  foodloverspark.com5.0<>One extra star for the amazing beer that is served. Arbor has competition now. Haven't tasted such smooth and refreshing beer for a very long time. Keep up.the good work.4.0<>I was trying to visit this place from months. Finally, got a chance ! It's an open-space place which has one floor too. I ordered Mushroom Galouti and Crispy Mushroom, which were delicious and spicy. Apart from food, I ordered choco-slide in drinks which has perfect amalgamation of Vodka & Chocolate ! Big thumbs up to it ! & last but not the least, big hi-5 to Rajesh who handled & waited for our table very nicely. There was no kind of delay in order to be served on table. Thank you ! :)5.0<>A perfect place with good food, tasty beers, open seating and giant projector screen. Prices are slightly on the higher side. Otherwise a must visit, especially on weekend evenings.5.0<>Really nice place to chill with your friends. Amazing beers and a pretty darn good cheesecake. Pizzas are great too, and go perfectly with their craft beers.4.0<>We went to Biergarten on a Wednesday evening, and it was as full as a weekend. That says something about Biergarten's reputation. Even though they had seating available on 2 floors (including the ground floor), we had to wait out at the bar for a while. Most of the tables on the ground floor are actually placed right under the open sky. This cuts down on the available seating space, as they could have otherwise extended the first floor seating. On the other hand, it makes the ambience incredibly breathtaking.  While at the bar, we tried out a couple of their beers - a fruity, wheat concoction for me and a chocolaty brew for my friend. Both tasted quite good, and we managed to get a table after a wait of around 15 minutes or so. Once at the table, we decided to order something to go with our unfinished beer - Chicken Pepper Tikka and Tandoori Lamb Chops. The items were satisfactory, with the lamb chops being slightly spicier than I had expected. For main course, I ordered the Grilled Salmon with Verde Sauce, and my friend had the Chicken Schnitzel. The salmon was juicy and tasty. As for the schnitzel, the preparation felt quite average, as I have tasted better schnitzels before.  Biergarten is one of the most happening pubs in town now. The ambience was quite invigorating, and the playlist had some amazing classical rock numbers (though they could have tuned down the music a bit). Food, unfortunately, didn't seem their strong point.4.0<>One of the best breweries in Whitefield. I visited this place on a Wednesday evening and even on a weekday it was buzzing with people. Ambience is what makes it worth going to this place. Very spacious with two storey seating and Mediterranean interiors. Coming to food, we ordered wheat beer along with a veg platter. The platter was okay in taste and had enough quantity for two people.  Ambience - 4.5/5 Food - 4/5 Service - 4/55.0<>Very polite and friendly service. Food is too good here. Ambience is good. Specially the behaviour of Nabin is very kind. It's a nice place to recommend.4.0<>Nice place with ambience just perfect for a chill on Friday eve. Food was great and worth the price. Though this has been on my list for while, but managed to visit very late. I hope to be visiting again soon.2.0<>Perfect way to ruin a sizable & well located place. Overpriced, inattentive & overwhelmed waiters, just ok kind of drinks with the only respite that dishes are decent & well presented.4.0<>If you are in or around Whitefield area, especially on a weekend then, my friend this is the place for you to be! I don't remember the last time I partied hardcore like my visit to this place last weekend. We reached during the peak hours around 10pm and the place was buzzing with people. There was some singer on stage who sang popular Bollywood music with the entire crowd grooving to its beats. However the actual party happened once he wrapped up and the dj started playing music. It was madness! Oh, and if you thought that since the place was so crowded ...we wouldn't find a table then you're wrong. That's the beauty of the place. It's huge! It comprises of two floors. The ground floor is mostly like an outdoor seating area... beautifully decorated, while the floor on top has a roof but you can get a view of the party downstairs as one side of that floor is open ... almost like a balcony. The place has a capacity of accomodating a big crowd without space constraints, which is awesome!! Coming to the food and alcohol.. we had finger food mostly which was brought to us promptly and they tasted okay nothing extraordinary ... For drinks we had their beer, a couple of glasses down and you can feel tipsy. We also got complimentary shots as my friend had done a reservation previously via dineout. Overall it was a great experience. However if you like peace and quiet then maybe this isn't the place for you.3.0<>* Good ambience and spacious , as we went on Thursday Eve it's less crowded * In starters chicken nachos was really good Pastas we're average Mocktail - Melon and peach cooler was good * As we went at the closing time , they rushed us to finish the dinner and they started switching off the lights... Other than that everything was fine .5.0<>Best beer shorts.... Amazing place, the food was also amazing... The DJ was also good a great happening place... A must visit place when u r in bangalore3.0<>Ambiance - 4.5/5 Food - 2.5/5 Staff & Service - 3/5  Located on a prime location , there is lot of scope for improvement for this Place.  Since it is located on the main road , you might think of Parking issue , but don't worry , they have adequate parking space As soon as you enter the place , the ambiance will make you Wow . (Avoid going on sunny afternoon). They have 2 floors sitting arrangement and indoor & outdoor areas both . The decor is done near to perfect .   But , But , (2 times But is not at typo mistake BTW ;) ) -- The Food & the Service will just spoil your mood.   1st of all , their staff  is not well aware of the Menu , Not Polite at all . Service is just too slow even in days of less crowd .  2nd , Food is not good at all , and that is a complete injustice to this place because after all , Its Food that should be of utmost importance .   Few items we ordered :  Drinks were Good  Pizza - Just Ok Bao & Mushroom was Also Just Ok  Pasta tasted fine Lasagna - The Worst ;  I was not able to figure out which  vegetables or spices they did put in ; that made it so Bad Mac & Cheese  - Not good Either  And since , we were not very happy with the service & the food , didn't order Much .5.0<>Visited this place on my birthday. Though there was a discount on the liquor, we opted for Zomato gold on food instead. Ambience can improve alot. The beer and the food, both were tasty. Ordered alot of items and all of them were great especially the main course. Will visit again in future.5.0<>One of the town's best breweries . I have been to this place many times and every time experience has been great . Place is located right on the busy whitefield road but valet parking eases the pain . Ambiance is lively ,specially the roof top area. I will suggest to avoid sunny afternoons here as it gets really hot , but otherwise it's pleasant .  I have tried few starters ,for me pizza is a must try . Mushroom one was also spot on . What makes this place special is their freshly brewed beer. If I try to recall the breweries having beer of this quality ,I can hardly recall one or two .Must go place .  Cheers guys for maintaining the standards high!5.0<>We have been there multiple times for their tasty food. We have tried lot of menu items. All the very good in terms of quality and taste. This one is one of the best pubs serving tasty food.4.0<>I have been here quite a few times. Usually it’s a place where we come after office hours with our German counterparts. We have tried beers and cocktails. Don’t recommend Mojito, it’s horrible, everything else is ok. Ambiance is good and beers are good. Pricing is a little bit on expensive side given the setting. One bad this about this place is the music they play. It’s the same damn 90s playlist over and over again. Don’t go there for good songs at all. Although when people are drunk they pretty much dance at anything.  Pricing- 3.5/5 Ambiance- 4/5 Beer - 4/5 Cocktails-3/5 Food - 3.5/5 Music- 1/54.0<>The food is amazing and the staff service is really good especially naveen. U can really try the biergarten sausages and the pork rib if u r non vegetarian and also the music is good. However, they add extra service charge over GST which is quite not appreciable. The ambience is great and u can visit on a saturday because they usually have a live band performance.5.0<>Great brews. Wisenbock is an absolutely must try in the brewed beer section. The sausage platter is worthwhile as well. Being serviced by Rajesh was great too! Ambience is minimal, but appealing. And the music is just the right amplitude too!3.0<>Ambience - 5/5  The space is nicely spread, two storied and with great visibility across.   It's open air yet roof'd, which is the best.  The live band was fantastic...the DJ was insane, he played hip hop from the 90's which I was super happy about.  Service - 3.5/5  There were ample servers around and yet the service was a little slow.  They were courteous but I'd have liked more attention and not having to look for them over my shoulder.  Food - 3/5  The fries were well made, well seasoned;  The Tangy Baby Corn was great - not too tangy and also a little spicy;  Nachos were good...taste was amazing, just that they were overloaded and therefore too soggy;  Spicy Soya Spring rolls - I would not order these again to save my life.  The taste of the seasoning has scarred me for life, I think.  Too pungent and not pleasant.    Their wheat beer is superb!  Tip to the management - bringing all the dishes to the table at one go is NOT workin' out.  It will make the food cold, soggy and will lead to a poor experience.  I understood from several friends who visited you had the same experience...I suggest you revisit this process.  foodloverspark.com5.0<>One extra star for the amazing beer that is served. Arbor has competition now. Haven't tasted such smooth and refreshing beer for a very long time. Keep up.the good work.4.0<>I was trying to visit this place from months. Finally, got a chance ! It's an open-space place which has one floor too. I ordered Mushroom Galouti and Crispy Mushroom, which were delicious and spicy. Apart from food, I ordered choco-slide in drinks which has perfect amalgamation of Vodka & Chocolate ! Big thumbs up to it ! & last but not the least, big hi-5 to Rajesh who handled & waited for our table very nicely. There was no kind of delay in order to be served on table. Thank you ! :)5.0<>A perfect place with good food, tasty beers, open seating and giant projector screen. Prices are slightly on the higher side. Otherwise a must visit, especially on weekend evenings.5.0<>Really nice place to chill with your friends. Amazing beers and a pretty darn good cheesecake. Pizzas are great too, and go perfectly with their craft beers.4.0<>We went to Biergarten on a Wednesday evening, and it was as full as a weekend. That says something about Biergarten's reputation. Even though they had seating available on 2 floors (including the ground floor), we had to wait out at the bar for a while. Most of the tables on the ground floor are actually placed right under the open sky. This cuts down on the available seating space, as they could have otherwise extended the first floor seating. On the other hand, it makes the ambience incredibly breathtaking.  While at the bar, we tried out a couple of their beers - a fruity, wheat concoction for me and a chocolaty brew for my friend. Both tasted quite good, and we managed to get a table after a wait of around 15 minutes or so. Once at the table, we decided to order something to go with our unfinished beer - Chicken Pepper Tikka and Tandoori Lamb Chops. The items were satisfactory, with the lamb chops being slightly spicier than I had expected. For main course, I ordered the Grilled Salmon with Verde Sauce, and my friend had the Chicken Schnitzel. The salmon was juicy and tasty. As for the schnitzel, the preparation felt quite average, as I have tasted better schnitzels before.  Biergarten is one of the most happening pubs in town now. The ambience was quite invigorating, and the playlist had some amazing classical rock numbers (though they could have tuned down the music a bit). Food, unfortunately, didn't seem their strong point.4.0<>One of the best breweries in Whitefield. I visited this place on a Wednesday evening and even on a weekday it was buzzing with people. Ambience is what makes it worth going to this place. Very spacious with two storey seating and Mediterranean interiors. Coming to food, we ordered wheat beer along with a veg platter. The platter was okay in taste and had enough quantity for two people.  Ambience - 4.5/5 Food - 4/5 Service - 4/55.0<>Very polite and friendly service. Food is too good here. Ambience is good. Specially the behaviour of Nabin is very kind. It's a nice place to recommend.4.0<>Nice place with ambience just perfect for a chill on Friday eve. Food was great and worth the price. Though this has been on my list for while, but managed to visit very late. I hope to be visiting again soon.2.0<>Perfect way to ruin a sizable & well located place. Overpriced, inattentive & overwhelmed waiters, just ok kind of drinks with the only respite that dishes are decent & well presented.4.0<>If you are in or around Whitefield area, especially on a weekend then, my friend this is the place for you to be! I don't remember the last time I partied hardcore like my visit to this place last weekend. We reached during the peak hours around 10pm and the place was buzzing with people. There was some singer on stage who sang popular Bollywood music with the entire crowd grooving to its beats. However the actual party happened once he wrapped up and the dj started playing music. It was madness! Oh, and if you thought that since the place was so crowded ...we wouldn't find a table then you're wrong. That's the beauty of the place. It's huge! It comprises of two floors. The ground floor is mostly like an outdoor seating area... beautifully decorated, while the floor on top has a roof but you can get a view of the party downstairs as one side of that floor is open ... almost like a balcony. The place has a capacity of accomodating a big crowd without space constraints, which is awesome!! Coming to the food and alcohol.. we had finger food mostly which was brought to us promptly and they tasted okay nothing extraordinary ... For drinks we had their beer, a couple of glasses down and you can feel tipsy. We also got complimentary shots as my friend had done a reservation previously via dineout. Overall it was a great experience. However if you like peace and quiet then maybe this isn't the place for you.3.0<>* Good ambience and spacious , as we went on Thursday Eve it's less crowded * In starters chicken nachos was really good Pastas we're average Mocktail - Melon and peach cooler was good * As we went at the closing time , they rushed us to finish the dinner and they started switching off the lights... Other than that everything was fine .5.0<>Best beer shorts.... Amazing place, the food was also amazing... The DJ was also good a great happening place... A must visit place when u r in bangalore3.0<>Ambiance - 4.5/5 Food - 2.5/5 Staff & Service - 3/5  Located on a prime location , there is lot of scope for improvement for this Place.  Since it is located on the main road , you might think of Parking issue , but don't worry , they have adequate parking space As soon as you enter the place , the ambiance will make you Wow . (Avoid going on sunny afternoon). They have 2 floors sitting arrangement and indoor & outdoor areas both . The decor is done near to perfect .   But , But , (2 times But is not at typo mistake BTW ;) ) -- The Food & the Service will just spoil your mood.   1st of all , their staff  is not well aware of the Menu , Not Polite at all . Service is just too slow even in days of less crowd .  2nd , Food is not good at all , and that is a complete injustice to this place because after all , Its Food that should be of utmost importance .   Few items we ordered :  Drinks were Good  Pizza - Just Ok Bao & Mushroom was Also Just Ok  Pasta tasted fine Lasagna - The Worst ;  I was not able to figure out which  vegetables or spices they did put in ; that made it so Bad Mac & Cheese  - Not good Either  And since , we were not very happy with the service & the food , didn't order Much .5.0<>Visited this place on my birthday. Though there was a discount on the liquor, we opted for Zomato gold on food instead. Ambience can improve alot. The beer and the food, both were tasty. Ordered alot of items and all of them were great especially the main course. Will visit again in future.5.0<>One of the town's best breweries . I have been to this place many times and every time experience has been great . Place is located right on the busy whitefield road but valet parking eases the pain . Ambiance is lively ,specially the roof top area. I will suggest to avoid sunny afternoons here as it gets really hot , but otherwise it's pleasant .  I have tried few starters ,for me pizza is a must try . Mushroom one was also spot on . What makes this place special is their freshly brewed beer. If I try to recall the breweries having beer of this quality ,I can hardly recall one or two .Must go place .  Cheers guys for maintaining the standards high!5.0<>We have been there multiple times for their tasty food. We have tried lot of menu items. All the very good in terms of quality and taste. This one is one of the best pubs serving tasty food.4.0<>I have been here quite a few times. Usually it’s a place where we come after office hours with our German counterparts. We have tried beers and cocktails. Don’t recommend Mojito, it’s horrible, everything else is ok. Ambiance is good and beers are good. Pricing is a little bit on expensive side given the setting. One bad this about this place is the music they play. It’s the same damn 90s playlist over and over again. Don’t go there for good songs at all. Although when people are drunk they pretty much dance at anything.  Pricing- 3.5/5 Ambiance- 4/5 Beer - 4/5 Cocktails-3/5 Food - 3.5/5 Music- 1/54.0<>The food is amazing and the staff service is really good especially naveen. U can really try the biergarten sausages and the pork rib if u r non vegetarian and also the music is good. However, they add extra service charge over GST which is quite not appreciable. The ambience is great and u can visit on a saturday because they usually have a live band performance.5.0<>Great brews. Wisenbock is an absolutely must try in the brewed beer section. The sausage platter is worthwhile as well. Being serviced by Rajesh was great too! Ambience is minimal, but appealing. And the music is just the right amplitude too!3.0<>Ambience - 5/5  The space is nicely spread, two storied and with great visibility across.   It's open air yet roof'd, which is the best.  The live band was fantastic...the DJ was insane, he played hip hop from the 90's which I was super happy about.  Service - 3.5/5  There were ample servers around and yet the service was a little slow.  They were courteous but I'd have liked more attention and not having to look for them over my shoulder.  Food - 3/5  The fries were well made, well seasoned;  The Tangy Baby Corn was great - not too tangy and also a little spicy;  Nachos were good...taste was amazing, just that they were overloaded and therefore too soggy;  Spicy Soya Spring rolls - I would not order these again to save my life.  The taste of the seasoning has scarred me for life, I think.  Too pungent and not pleasant.    Their wheat beer is superb!  Tip to the management - bringing all the dishes to the table at one go is NOT workin' out.  It will make the food cold, soggy and will lead to a poor experience.  I understood from several friends who visited you had the same experience...I suggest you revisit this process.  foodloverspark.com5.0<>One extra star for the amazing beer that is served. Arbor has competition now. Haven't tasted such smooth and refreshing beer for a very long time. Keep up.the good work.4.0<>I was trying to visit this place from months. Finally, got a chance ! It's an open-space place which has one floor too. I ordered Mushroom Galouti and Crispy Mushroom, which were delicious and spicy. Apart from food, I ordered choco-slide in drinks which has perfect amalgamation of Vodka & Chocolate ! Big thumbs up to it ! & last but not the least, big hi-5 to Rajesh who handled & waited for our table very nicely. There was no kind of delay in order to be served on table. Thank you ! :)5.0<>A perfect place with good food, tasty beers, open seating and giant projector screen. Prices are slightly on the higher side. Otherwise a must visit, especially on weekend evenings.5.0<>Really nice place to chill with your friends. Amazing beers and a pretty darn good cheesecake. Pizzas are great too, and go perfectly with their craft beers.4.0<>We went to Biergarten on a Wednesday evening, and it was as full as a weekend. That says something about Biergarten's reputation. Even though they had seating available on 2 floors (including the ground floor), we had to wait out at the bar for a while. Most of the tables on the ground floor are actually placed right under the open sky. This cuts down on the available seating space, as they could have otherwise extended the first floor seating. On the other hand, it makes the ambience incredibly breathtaking.  While at the bar, we tried out a couple of their beers - a fruity, wheat concoction for me and a chocolaty brew for my friend. Both tasted quite good, and we managed to get a table after a wait of around 15 minutes or so. Once at the table, we decided to order something to go with our unfinished beer - Chicken Pepper Tikka and Tandoori Lamb Chops. The items were satisfactory, with the lamb chops being slightly spicier than I had expected. For main course, I ordered the Grilled Salmon with Verde Sauce, and my friend had the Chicken Schnitzel. The salmon was juicy and tasty. As for the schnitzel, the preparation felt quite average, as I have tasted better schnitzels before.  Biergarten is one of the most happening pubs in town now. The ambience was quite invigorating, and the playlist had some amazing classical rock numbers (though they could have tuned down the music a bit). Food, unfortunately, didn't seem their strong point.4.0<>One of the best breweries in Whitefield. I visited this place on a Wednesday evening and even on a weekday it was buzzing with people. Ambience is what makes it worth going to this place. Very spacious with two storey seating and Mediterranean interiors. Coming to food, we ordered wheat beer along with a veg platter. The platter was okay in taste and had enough quantity for two people.  Ambience - 4.5/5 Food - 4/5 Service - 4/55.0<>Very polite and friendly service. Food is too good here. Ambience is good. Specially the behaviour of Nabin is very kind. It's a nice place to recommend.4.0<>Nice place with ambience just perfect for a chill on Friday eve. Food was great and worth the price. Though this has been on my list for while, but managed to visit very late. I hope to be visiting again soon.2.0<>Perfect way to ruin a sizable & well located place. Overpriced, inattentive & overwhelmed waiters, just ok kind of drinks with the only respite that dishes are decent & well presented.4.0<>If you are in or around Whitefield area, especially on a weekend then, my friend this is the place for you to be! I don't remember the last time I partied hardcore like my visit to this place last weekend. We reached during the peak hours around 10pm and the place was buzzing with people. There was some singer on stage who sang popular Bollywood music with the entire crowd grooving to its beats. However the actual party happened once he wrapped up and the dj started playing music. It was madness! Oh, and if you thought that since the place was so crowded ...we wouldn't find a table then you're wrong. That's the beauty of the place. It's huge! It comprises of two floors. The ground floor is mostly like an outdoor seating area... beautifully decorated, while the floor on top has a roof but you can get a view of the party downstairs as one side of that floor is open ... almost like a balcony. The place has a capacity of accomodating a big crowd without space constraints, which is awesome!! Coming to the food and alcohol.. we had finger food mostly which was brought to us promptly and they tasted okay nothing extraordinary ... For drinks we had their beer, a couple of glasses down and you can feel tipsy. We also got complimentary shots as my friend had done a reservation previously via dineout. Overall it was a great experience. However if you like peace and quiet then maybe this isn't the place for you.3.0<>* Good ambience and spacious , as we went on Thursday Eve it's less crowded * In starters chicken nachos was really good Pastas we're average Mocktail - Melon and peach cooler was good * As we went at the closing time , they rushed us to finish the dinner and they started switching off the lights... Other than that everything was fine .5.0<>Best beer shorts.... Amazing place, the food was also amazing... The DJ was also good a great happening place... A must visit place when u r in bangalore3.0<>Ambiance - 4.5/5 Food - 2.5/5 Staff & Service - 3/5  Located on a prime location , there is lot of scope for improvement for this Place.  Since it is located on the main road , you might think of Parking issue , but don't worry , they have adequate parking space As soon as you enter the place , the ambiance will make you Wow . (Avoid going on sunny afternoon). They have 2 floors sitting arrangement and indoor & outdoor areas both . The decor is done near to perfect .   But , But , (2 times But is not at typo mistake BTW ;) ) -- The Food & the Service will just spoil your mood.   1st of all , their staff  is not well aware of the Menu , Not Polite at all . Service is just too slow even in days of less crowd .  2nd , Food is not good at all , and that is a complete injustice to this place because after all , Its Food that should be of utmost importance .   Few items we ordered :  Drinks were Good  Pizza - Just Ok Bao & Mushroom was Also Just Ok  Pasta tasted fine Lasagna - The Worst ;  I was not able to figure out which  vegetables or spices they did put in ; that made it so Bad Mac & Cheese  - Not good Either  And since , we were not very happy with the service & the food , didn't order Much .5.0<>Visited this place on my birthday. Though there was a discount on the liquor, we opted for Zomato gold on food instead. Ambience can improve alot. The beer and the food, both were tasty. Ordered alot of items and all of them were great especially the main course. Will visit again in future.5.0<>One of the town's best breweries . I have been to this place many times and every time experience has been great . Place is located right on the busy whitefield road but valet parking eases the pain . Ambiance is lively ,specially the roof top area. I will suggest to avoid sunny afternoons here as it gets really hot , but otherwise it's pleasant .  I have tried few starters ,for me pizza is a must try . Mushroom one was also spot on . What makes this place special is their freshly brewed beer. If I try to recall the breweries having beer of this quality ,I can hardly recall one or two .Must go place .  Cheers guys for maintaining the standards high!5.0<>We have been there multiple times for their tasty food. We have tried lot of menu items. All the very good in terms of quality and taste. This one is one of the best pubs serving tasty food.4.0<>I have been here quite a few times. Usually it’s a place where we come after office hours with our German counterparts. We have tried beers and cocktails. Don’t recommend Mojito, it’s horrible, everything else is ok. Ambiance is good and beers are good. Pricing is a little bit on expensive side given the setting. One bad this about this place is the music they play. It’s the same damn 90s playlist over and over again. Don’t go there for good songs at all. Although when people are drunk they pretty much dance at anything.  Pricing- 3.5/5 Ambiance- 4/5 Beer - 4/5 Cocktails-3/5 Food - 3.5/5 Music- 1/54.0<>The food is amazing and the staff service is really good especially naveen. U can really try the biergarten sausages and the pork rib if u r non vegetarian and also the music is good. However, they add extra service charge over GST which is quite not appreciable. The ambience is great and u can visit on a saturday because they usually have a live band performance.5.0<>Great brews. Wisenbock is an absolutely must try in the brewed beer section. The sausage platter is worthwhile as well. Being serviced by Rajesh was great too! Ambience is minimal, but appealing. And the music is just the right amplitude too!3.0<>Ambience - 5/5  The space is nicely spread, two storied and with great visibility across.   It's open air yet roof'd, which is the best.  The live band was fantastic...the DJ was insane, he played hip hop from the 90's which I was super happy about.  Service - 3.5/5  There were ample servers around and yet the service was a little slow.  They were courteous but I'd have liked more attention and not having to look for them over my shoulder.  Food - 3/5  The fries were well made, well seasoned;  The Tangy Baby Corn was great - not too tangy and also a little spicy;  Nachos were good...taste was amazing, just that they were overloaded and therefore too soggy;  Spicy Soya Spring rolls - I would not order these again to save my life.  The taste of the seasoning has scarred me for life, I think.  Too pungent and not pleasant.    Their wheat beer is superb!  Tip to the management - bringing all the dishes to the table at one go is NOT workin' out.  It will make the food cold, soggy and will lead to a poor experience.  I understood from several friends who visited you had the same experience...I suggest you revisit this process.  foodloverspark.com5.0<>One extra star for the amazing beer that is served. Arbor has competition now. Haven't tasted such smooth and refreshing beer for a very long time. Keep up.the good work.4.0<>I was trying to visit this place from months. Finally, got a chance ! It's an open-space place which has one floor too. I ordered Mushroom Galouti and Crispy Mushroom, which were delicious and spicy. Apart from food, I ordered choco-slide in drinks which has perfect amalgamation of Vodka & Chocolate ! Big thumbs up to it ! & last but not the least, big hi-5 to Rajesh who handled & waited for our table very nicely. There was no kind of delay in order to be served on table. Thank you ! :)5.0<>A perfect place with good food, tasty beers, open seating and giant projector screen. Prices are slightly on the higher side. Otherwise a must visit, especially on weekend evenings.5.0<>Really nice place to chill with your friends. Amazing beers and a pretty darn good cheesecake. Pizzas are great too, and go perfectly with their craft beers.4.0<>We went to Biergarten on a Wednesday evening, and it was as full as a weekend. That says something about Biergarten's reputation. Even though they had seating available on 2 floors (including the ground floor), we had to wait out at the bar for a while. Most of the tables on the ground floor are actually placed right under the open sky. This cuts down on the available seating space, as they could have otherwise extended the first floor seating. On the other hand, it makes the ambience incredibly breathtaking.  While at the bar, we tried out a couple of their beers - a fruity, wheat concoction for me and a chocolaty brew for my friend. Both tasted quite good, and we managed to get a table after a wait of around 15 minutes or so. Once at the table, we decided to order something to go with our unfinished beer - Chicken Pepper Tikka and Tandoori Lamb Chops. The items were satisfactory, with the lamb chops being slightly spicier than I had expected. For main course, I ordered the Grilled Salmon with Verde Sauce, and my friend had the Chicken Schnitzel. The salmon was juicy and tasty. As for the schnitzel, the preparation felt quite average, as I have tasted better schnitzels before.  Biergarten is one of the most happening pubs in town now. The ambience was quite invigorating, and the playlist had some amazing classical rock numbers (though they could have tuned down the music a bit). Food, unfortunately, didn't seem their strong point.4.0<>One of the best breweries in Whitefield. I visited this place on a Wednesday evening and even on a weekday it was buzzing with people. Ambience is what makes it worth going to this place. Very spacious with two storey seating and Mediterranean interiors. Coming to food, we ordered wheat beer along with a veg platter. The platter was okay in taste and had enough quantity for two people.  Ambience - 4.5/5 Food - 4/5 Service - 4/55.0<>Very polite and friendly service. Food is too good here. Ambience is good. Specially the behaviour of Nabin is very kind. It's a nice place to recommend.4.0<>Nice place with ambience just perfect for a chill on Friday eve. Food was great and worth the price. Though this has been on my list for while, but managed to visit very late. I hope to be visiting again soon.2.0<>Perfect way to ruin a sizable & well located place. Overpriced, inattentive & overwhelmed waiters, just ok kind of drinks with the only respite that dishes are decent & well presented.4.0<>If you are in or around Whitefield area, especially on a weekend then, my friend this is the place for you to be! I don't remember the last time I partied hardcore like my visit to this place last weekend. We reached during the peak hours around 10pm and the place was buzzing with people. There was some singer on stage who sang popular Bollywood music with the entire crowd grooving to its beats. However the actual party happened once he wrapped up and the dj started playing music. It was madness! Oh, and if you thought that since the place was so crowded ...we wouldn't find a table then you're wrong. That's the beauty of the place. It's huge! It comprises of two floors. The ground floor is mostly like an outdoor seating area... beautifully decorated, while the floor on top has a roof but you can get a view of the party downstairs as one side of that floor is open ... almost like a balcony. The place has a capacity of accomodating a big crowd without space constraints, which is awesome!! Coming to the food and alcohol.. we had finger food mostly which was brought to us promptly and they tasted okay nothing extraordinary ... For drinks we had their beer, a couple of glasses down and you can feel tipsy. We also got complimentary shots as my friend had done a reservation previously via dineout. Overall it was a great experience. However if you like peace and quiet then maybe this isn't the place for you.3.0<>* Good ambience and spacious , as we went on Thursday Eve it's less crowded * In starters chicken nachos was really good Pastas we're average Mocktail - Melon and peach cooler was good * As we went at the closing time , they rushed us to finish the dinner and they started switching off the lights... Other than that everything was fine .5.0<>Best beer shorts.... Amazing place, the food was also amazing... The DJ was also good a great happening place... A must visit place when u r in bangalore3.0<>Ambiance - 4.5/5 Food - 2.5/5 Staff & Service - 3/5  Located on a prime location , there is lot of scope for improvement for this Place.  Since it is located on the main road , you might think of Parking issue , but don't worry , they have adequate parking space As soon as you enter the place , the ambiance will make you Wow . (Avoid going on sunny afternoon). They have 2 floors sitting arrangement and indoor & outdoor areas both . The decor is done near to perfect .   But , But , (2 times But is not at typo mistake BTW ;) ) -- The Food & the Service will just spoil your mood.   1st of all , their staff  is not well aware of the Menu , Not Polite at all . Service is just too slow even in days of less crowd .  2nd , Food is not good at all , and that is a complete injustice to this place because after all , Its Food that should be of utmost importance .   Few items we ordered :  Drinks were Good  Pizza - Just Ok Bao & Mushroom was Also Just Ok  Pasta tasted fine Lasagna - The Worst ;  I was not able to figure out which  vegetables or spices they did put in ; that made it so Bad Mac & Cheese  - Not good Either  And since , we were not very happy with the service & the food , didn't order Much .5.0<>Visited this place on my birthday. Though there was a discount on the liquor, we opted for Zomato gold on food instead. Ambience can improve alot. The beer and the food, both were tasty. Ordered alot of items and all of them were great especially the main course. Will visit again in future.5.0<>One of the town's best breweries . I have been to this place many times and every time experience has been great . Place is located right on the busy whitefield road but valet parking eases the pain . Ambiance is lively ,specially the roof top area. I will suggest to avoid sunny afternoons here as it gets really hot , but otherwise it's pleasant .  I have tried few starters ,for me pizza is a must try . Mushroom one was also spot on . What makes this place special is their freshly brewed beer. If I try to recall the breweries having beer of this quality ,I can hardly recall one or two .Must go place .  Cheers guys for maintaining the standards high!5.0<>We have been there multiple times for their tasty food. We have tried lot of menu items. All the very good in terms of quality and taste. This one is one of the best pubs serving tasty food.4.0<>I have been here quite a few times. Usually it’s a place where we come after office hours with our German counterparts. We have tried beers and cocktails. Don’t recommend Mojito, it’s horrible, everything else is ok. Ambiance is good and beers are good. Pricing is a little bit on expensive side given the setting. One bad this about this place is the music they play. It’s the same damn 90s playlist over and over again. Don’t go there for good songs at all. Although when people are drunk they pretty much dance at anything.  Pricing- 3.5/5 Ambiance- 4/5 Beer - 4/5 Cocktails-3/5 Food - 3.5/5 Music- 1/54.0<>The food is amazing and the staff service is really good especially naveen. U can really try the biergarten sausages and the pork rib if u r non vegetarian and also the music is good. However, they add extra service charge over GST which is quite not appreciable. The ambience is great and u can visit on a saturday because they usually have a live band performance.5.0<>Great brews. Wisenbock is an absolutely must try in the brewed beer section. The sausage platter is worthwhile as well. Being serviced by Rajesh was great too! Ambience is minimal, but appealing. And the music is just the right amplitude too!3.0<>Ambience - 5/5  The space is nicely spread, two storied and with great visibility across.   It's open air yet roof'd, which is the best.  The live band was fantastic...the DJ was insane, he played hip hop from the 90's which I was super happy about.  Service - 3.5/5  There were ample servers around and yet the service was a little slow.  They were courteous but I'd have liked more attention and not having to look for them over my shoulder.  Food - 3/5  The fries were well made, well seasoned;  The Tangy Baby Corn was great - not too tangy and also a little spicy;  Nachos were good...taste was amazing, just that they were overloaded and therefore too soggy;  Spicy Soya Spring rolls - I would not order these again to save my life.  The taste of the seasoning has scarred me for life, I think.  Too pungent and not pleasant.    Their wheat beer is superb!  Tip to the management - bringing all the dishes to the table at one go is NOT workin' out.  It will make the food cold, soggy and will lead to a poor experience.  I understood from several friends who visited you had the same experience...I suggest you revisit this process.  foodloverspark.com5.0<>One extra star for the amazing beer that is served. Arbor has competition now. Haven't tasted such smooth and refreshing beer for a very long time. Keep up.the good work.4.0<>I was trying to visit this place from months. Finally, got a chance ! It's an open-space place which has one floor too. I ordered Mushroom Galouti and Crispy Mushroom, which were delicious and spicy. Apart from food, I ordered choco-slide in drinks which has perfect amalgamation of Vodka & Chocolate ! Big thumbs up to it ! & last but not the least, big hi-5 to Rajesh who handled & waited for our table very nicely. There was no kind of delay in order to be served on table. Thank you ! :)5.0<>A perfect place with good food, tasty beers, open seating and giant projector screen. Prices are slightly on the higher side. Otherwise a must visit, especially on weekend evenings.5.0<>Really nice place to chill with your friends. Amazing beers and a pretty darn good cheesecake. Pizzas are great too, and go perfectly with their craft beers.4.0<>We went to Biergarten on a Wednesday evening, and it was as full as a weekend. That says something about Biergarten's reputation. Even though they had seating available on 2 floors (including the ground floor), we had to wait out at the bar for a while. Most of the tables on the ground floor are actually placed right under the open sky. This cuts down on the available seating space, as they could have otherwise extended the first floor seating. On the other hand, it makes the ambience incredibly breathtaking.  While at the bar, we tried out a couple of their beers - a fruity, wheat concoction for me and a chocolaty brew for my friend. Both tasted quite good, and we managed to get a table after a wait of around 15 minutes or so. Once at the table, we decided to order something to go with our unfinished beer - Chicken Pepper Tikka and Tandoori Lamb Chops. The items were satisfactory, with the lamb chops being slightly spicier than I had expected. For main course, I ordered the Grilled Salmon with Verde Sauce, and my friend had the Chicken Schnitzel. The salmon was juicy and tasty. As for the schnitzel, the preparation felt quite average, as I have tasted better schnitzels before.  Biergarten is one of the most happening pubs in town now. The ambience was quite invigorating, and the playlist had some amazing classical rock numbers (though they could have tuned down the music a bit). Food, unfortunately, didn't seem their strong point.4.0<>One of the best breweries in Whitefield. I visited this place on a Wednesday evening and even on a weekday it was buzzing with people. Ambience is what makes it worth going to this place. Very spacious with two storey seating and Mediterranean interiors. Coming to food, we ordered wheat beer along with a veg platter. The platter was okay in taste and had enough quantity for two people.  Ambience - 4.5/5 Food - 4/5 Service - 4/55.0<>Very polite and friendly service. Food is too good here. Ambience is good. Specially the behaviour of Nabin is very kind. It's a nice place to recommend.4.0<>Nice place with ambience just perfect for a chill on Friday eve. Food was great and worth the price. Though this has been on my list for while, but managed to visit very late. I hope to be visiting again soon.2.0<>Perfect way to ruin a sizable & well located place. Overpriced, inattentive & overwhelmed waiters, just ok kind of drinks with the only respite that dishes are decent & well presented.4.0<>If you are in or around Whitefield area, especially on a weekend then, my friend this is the place for you to be! I don't remember the last time I partied hardcore like my visit to this place last weekend. We reached during the peak hours around 10pm and the place was buzzing with people. There was some singer on stage who sang popular Bollywood music with the entire crowd grooving to its beats. However the actual party happened once he wrapped up and the dj started playing music. It was madness! Oh, and if you thought that since the place was so crowded ...we wouldn't find a table then you're wrong. That's the beauty of the place. It's huge! It comprises of two floors. The ground floor is mostly like an outdoor seating area... beautifully decorated, while the floor on top has a roof but you can get a view of the party downstairs as one side of that floor is open ... almost like a balcony. The place has a capacity of accomodating a big crowd without space constraints, which is awesome!! Coming to the food and alcohol.. we had finger food mostly which was brought to us promptly and they tasted okay nothing extraordinary ... For drinks we had their beer, a couple of glasses down and you can feel tipsy. We also got complimentary shots as my friend had done a reservation previously via dineout. Overall it was a great experience. However if you like peace and quiet then maybe this isn't the place for you.1.0<>Highly overrated place. It doesn't deserve more than 2 or 3. Been there with for dinner but it was pathetic to seat and enjoy food because of the environment. They don't have a separated smoking area or no different arrangement for those who smoke. Requested them to get a table for us where there is no smoking around but they failed to give despite prior reservation with requirements explained. Anyhow me and my wife completed our dinner and rushed out of it as soon as possible but more importantly in front us one family of 4-5 members simply cancelled their dinner there and went away because of this unhygienic environment here. Food taste is very average and service is not good at all as they are concerned with such customers mainly who drink there. So never plan for this place for food only. Darkness is so much that you can't see properly your own food served on the table. A big no for this place for ever.5.0<>One of the best breweries in this city!!  I fell in love with this place the moment I stepped foot here. The whole vibe of this place is so amazing!! Love love love the ambience. We ordered their starters- Prawns on malabar roti and chicken tikka. Both were finger licking delicious!! We also had their wheat beer and it was also one of the best Ive had in the city. The music is again just so good! There was nothing I experienced, ate or drank that was average at this place.   Until I visited this place, Windmills was my most favorite, but this place blew me away with it's charm! Surely surely going back here soon!4.0<>Biergarten is a quite popular microbrewery in Whitefield, located just across the road from Graphite India Limited office. We went here for lunch on a Sunday afternoon, and it wasn't too crowded.  🔰 Standout features of Biergarten: 🔸Open aired, and quaint interiors 🔸One of the best microbreweries in town 🔸Highly rated service 🔸1+1 on Zomato Gold  The interiors are quite spacious and almost mediterranean in their look, definitely would be more charming and beautiful at night, with all the lights switched on. There are 2 storeys of seating available, the top storey offering a good view of the entire place.  Coming to the food, we chose Nachos first, and they were excellent. Not to mention the portion size was really good! For main course, we tried the Pesto Fusilli Pasta and this was quite rich, creamy, flavor filled and absolutely delicious!  We tried the Mississippi Mudpie with Vanilla ice cream for dessert, and this too was really well made. Not too sweet, but exactly as much as needed.  For beverages, we chose Watermelon & Basil Cooler, this was absolutely packed with flavor and refreshing. The Adam's Green Apple on the other hand was not too great, probably due to personal preference. The staff was extremely polite and sweet, they provided us an alternative beverage of our choice when we let them know.  Full marks to the service here, as the staff are extremely polite, hospitable and friendly. Our steward Naveen was a courteous host and kept checking if everything was fine.  The only improvement they need is the lack of many options in food for vegetarians, as the menu has limited veg dishes. Mocktail menu can also have a overhaul, as the current options aren't too great. Though I didn't try the beers, which is actually what they are renowned for.  Overall, definitely worth a visit for their beautiful ambience, great service and delicious food.4.0<>Pretty good food! We had the soft shell chicken taco, wings and the sundried tomato pizza... everything was good. Open air ambience was also please. Really Commendable service by Nabin, we were happy with the experience.5.0<>Biergarten is a beautiful brewery and Kitchen that's located in Whitefield. I'd heard a lot about this place and it was on my bucketlist for a long time. Finally ticked this off my list today. The place is pretty huge, nice and airy. I'm sure it'll look really nice in the evening or in the night when it's nicely lit. They have couches and chairs. But the couches are definitely more comfortable, and I strongly suggest to go for the former. Nice music that keeps the place lively is a plus point. They also have a 1+1 on Zomato Gold. The stewards are really nice. Naveen who served our table was really nice. He was so patient and kind. A huge huge shout out to him. He made the lunch experience really great. Started off with the Nachos and this was the bomb! Huge portion of loaded Nachos, with sour cream and salsa. The portion is really huge and filling. Next up the fusilli in Pesto cream sauce with garlic bread. This was really creamy, great flavours and a delicious garlic bread! For mocktails, tried the watermelon based one, an Adams apple one too. One friend didn't quite like the adam apple mocktail and they were kind enough to replace it with another mocktail. A virgin mojito. Really sweet of them! The dessert was the mississippi mudpie and I requested for an ice cream too. So kind to oblige! I loved this one. A huge thanks to Naveen again! Loved the lunch and the dessert stole the show for me!5.0<>Awesome place to be at on a weekend. Loved the ambience. The live music band was just too good!!! Must have their dim-sums and chicken chilly !!! Very tasty 😋3.0<>Ambiance is good. Food few were good, few were OK. Oven roasted chicken felt only boiled chicken and it was very hard inside and tasteless. I guess nightlife and finger food are better here.4.0<>Wonderful ambience and good food. Biergarten is a huge place with loads of seating however is invariably crowded even during the weekdays. As a result of the crowd the service is a tad bit slow.4.0<>Food is decent, beer is decent, crowd is decent and music is decent. Everything about this place is decent. That's the good and bad part of this place. Its a decent place not a wow place. But they are good and they are one of the finest places in Whitefield.5.0<>Polite and friendly And the food is tooo crazy and even beer is gd and the prices are amazing Mr Rajesh treated as well he is friendly and dilevered our order as soon as faster4.0<>Went there for office party and really enjoyed. The beer which they serve is very tasty. Buffet is average but brews are really good. One of the best place to go with friends and family in Whitefield. Ambience is nice and staffs are good. Zomato gold works too ;)5.0<>Probably one of the best breweries in Whitefield area. Good food, great service and amazing brews. We ordered chicken nachos, chicken tikka and had Daal Makhni and Roti for main course. Everything was cooked to perfection and was tasty. To be honest, never expected such good food at a pub  Tried Heifeweizen Beer. It was brewed well, had light golden colour with aroma of wheat and tasted awesome. Plan to visit again soon:)3.0<>Been here several times! Had a different experience each time. Their craft beer is not consistent. But my brunch experience was really good. Love the set up of the place. Limited food and decent options! Service was bad at first , but since we were a group of 10, Drinks took a while ! Over all a decent experience, but the beer batches must be consistent!5.0<>I have been to many places and I always find one or other thing they can improve.  But this place is amazing. The staff is amazing and they will help with running offers too. I got 40% off on drinks because of them. Second, service is really fast. I doubted when they came with food after 10 minutes only. But food was really delicious. I ordered veg quesadillas and they were too good.  About drinks, they have variety of beer, cocktails and other options. They have seasonal drinks which you can try for free.  At last, they have a dog too. He is so cute. About the place, you will keep wanting to stay there more.4.0<>We went to this place for our anniversary dinner after seeing all the good reviews. Food : We ordered Nachos, Mushroom Gallouti kebabs, Dal Makhani and Naan, Apple crumble cheese cake, sangria and Golden Ale. Nachos were average, frankly speaking I have had better nachos. But rest every thing after that was really-2 good. Mushroom Gallouti kebabs were just melt in mouth had really good flavoring to it. Dal Makhani again was good. Both sangria and beer were good as well. And star was the dessert which was not overly sweet and was really good.  Service : service is really good and fast. They take care of everything without being too intrusive which I really liked. We never really had to follow up on anything considering the place was really full on an weekday.  Ambience: Ambience was good as well.  Seating : I usually don't write anything about the seating but this is the reason I gave a rating of 4 and not 5. I had booked a table for 2 in advance and which basically means I am looking for a separate table for two and not shared seating. I am not sure if it needed to be specified. I followed up with them twice but they were not able to provide a separate table for two.4.0<>Picked this place to catch up with an old friend. The ambience was nice and jolly with prompt waiters. Ordered red sauce pasta which was really good.4.0<>Place and the ambience is very lively. Food was decent.The service was quite disappointing, I guess because it was overly crowed. We had to wait to like an hour for a table. Songs and Dj was very enthusiastic and lovely.5.0<>My first visit and it was worth it. Kudos to Naveen who arranged a small pastry for my wife's birthday. Amazing starters and wheat beer was worth it. Wings are the best here. Chilly chicken has good amount of spice and taste. Surely visit again. Again Naveen was awesome.4.0<>**Lovely place**  This place was always in my bucket for so long and finally I could hit this place. I loved the ambience of the place.The place is decorated nicely.  We ordered for Pan fried noodles and Mushroom Galouti. Noodles was very tasty,its combination of nicely cooked vegetables and crispy noodles. Mushroom galouti wasnt that tasty. Service is decent.  Service:4/5 Ambience:4/5 Food:4/55.0<>Every once in a while I like to visit this place. A perfect place to hangout for any occasion. Nothing comes to mind if I would try to find any flaws in this place. From seating arrangement, brewed beers, cocktails, kitchen specialities, everything is superb. Chicke Ghee Roast is a must try at this place if you haven’t already. Chicken Nachos, Deserts and even the platters are superb. MUST VISIT!!1.0<>Highly overrated place. It doesn't deserve more than 2 or 3. Been there with for dinner but it was pathetic to seat and enjoy food because of the environment. They don't have a separated smoking area or no different arrangement for those who smoke. Requested them to get a table for us where there is no smoking around but they failed to give despite prior reservation with requirements explained. Anyhow me and my wife completed our dinner and rushed out of it as soon as possible but more importantly in front us one family of 4-5 members simply cancelled their dinner there and went away because of this unhygienic environment here. Food taste is very average and service is not good at all as they are concerned with such customers mainly who drink there. So never plan for this place for food only. Darkness is so much that you can't see properly your own food served on the table. A big no for this place for ever.5.0<>One of the best breweries in this city!!  I fell in love with this place the moment I stepped foot here. The whole vibe of this place is so amazing!! Love love love the ambience. We ordered their starters- Prawns on malabar roti and chicken tikka. Both were finger licking delicious!! We also had their wheat beer and it was also one of the best Ive had in the city. The music is again just so good! There was nothing I experienced, ate or drank that was average at this place.   Until I visited this place, Windmills was my most favorite, but this place blew me away with it's charm! Surely surely going back here soon!4.0<>Biergarten is a quite popular microbrewery in Whitefield, located just across the road from Graphite India Limited office. We went here for lunch on a Sunday afternoon, and it wasn't too crowded.  🔰 Standout features of Biergarten: 🔸Open aired, and quaint interiors 🔸One of the best microbreweries in town 🔸Highly rated service 🔸1+1 on Zomato Gold  The interiors are quite spacious and almost mediterranean in their look, definitely would be more charming and beautiful at night, with all the lights switched on. There are 2 storeys of seating available, the top storey offering a good view of the entire place.  Coming to the food, we chose Nachos first, and they were excellent. Not to mention the portion size was really good! For main course, we tried the Pesto Fusilli Pasta and this was quite rich, creamy, flavor filled and absolutely delicious!  We tried the Mississippi Mudpie with Vanilla ice cream for dessert, and this too was really well made. Not too sweet, but exactly as much as needed.  For beverages, we chose Watermelon & Basil Cooler, this was absolutely packed with flavor and refreshing. The Adam's Green Apple on the other hand was not too great, probably due to personal preference. The staff was extremely polite and sweet, they provided us an alternative beverage of our choice when we let them know.  Full marks to the service here, as the staff are extremely polite, hospitable and friendly. Our steward Naveen was a courteous host and kept checking if everything was fine.  The only improvement they need is the lack of many options in food for vegetarians, as the menu has limited veg dishes. Mocktail menu can also have a overhaul, as the current options aren't too great. Though I didn't try the beers, which is actually what they are renowned for.  Overall, definitely worth a visit for their beautiful ambience, great service and delicious food.4.0<>Pretty good food! We had the soft shell chicken taco, wings and the sundried tomato pizza... everything was good. Open air ambience was also please. Really Commendable service by Nabin, we were happy with the experience.5.0<>Biergarten is a beautiful brewery and Kitchen that's located in Whitefield. I'd heard a lot about this place and it was on my bucketlist for a long time. Finally ticked this off my list today. The place is pretty huge, nice and airy. I'm sure it'll look really nice in the evening or in the night when it's nicely lit. They have couches and chairs. But the couches are definitely more comfortable, and I strongly suggest to go for the former. Nice music that keeps the place lively is a plus point. They also have a 1+1 on Zomato Gold. The stewards are really nice. Naveen who served our table was really nice. He was so patient and kind. A huge huge shout out to him. He made the lunch experience really great. Started off with the Nachos and this was the bomb! Huge portion of loaded Nachos, with sour cream and salsa. The portion is really huge and filling. Next up the fusilli in Pesto cream sauce with garlic bread. This was really creamy, great flavours and a delicious garlic bread! For mocktails, tried the watermelon based one, an Adams apple one too. One friend didn't quite like the adam apple mocktail and they were kind enough to replace it with another mocktail. A virgin mojito. Really sweet of them! The dessert was the mississippi mudpie and I requested for an ice cream too. So kind to oblige! I loved this one. A huge thanks to Naveen again! Loved the lunch and the dessert stole the show for me!5.0<>Awesome place to be at on a weekend. Loved the ambience. The live music band was just too good!!! Must have their dim-sums and chicken chilly !!! Very tasty 😋3.0<>Ambiance is good. Food few were good, few were OK. Oven roasted chicken felt only boiled chicken and it was very hard inside and tasteless. I guess nightlife and finger food are better here.4.0<>Wonderful ambience and good food. Biergarten is a huge place with loads of seating however is invariably crowded even during the weekdays. As a result of the crowd the service is a tad bit slow.4.0<>Food is decent, beer is decent, crowd is decent and music is decent. Everything about this place is decent. That's the good and bad part of this place. Its a decent place not a wow place. But they are good and they are one of the finest places in Whitefield.5.0<>Polite and friendly And the food is tooo crazy and even beer is gd and the prices are amazing Mr Rajesh treated as well he is friendly and dilevered our order as soon as faster4.0<>Went there for office party and really enjoyed. The beer which they serve is very tasty. Buffet is average but brews are really good. One of the best place to go with friends and family in Whitefield. Ambience is nice and staffs are good. Zomato gold works too ;)5.0<>Probably one of the best breweries in Whitefield area. Good food, great service and amazing brews. We ordered chicken nachos, chicken tikka and had Daal Makhni and Roti for main course. Everything was cooked to perfection and was tasty. To be honest, never expected such good food at a pub  Tried Heifeweizen Beer. It was brewed well, had light golden colour with aroma of wheat and tasted awesome. Plan to visit again soon:)3.0<>Been here several times! Had a different experience each time. Their craft beer is not consistent. But my brunch experience was really good. Love the set up of the place. Limited food and decent options! Service was bad at first , but since we were a group of 10, Drinks took a while ! Over all a decent experience, but the beer batches must be consistent!5.0<>I have been to many places and I always find one or other thing they can improve.  But this place is amazing. The staff is amazing and they will help with running offers too. I got 40% off on drinks because of them. Second, service is really fast. I doubted when they came with food after 10 minutes only. But food was really delicious. I ordered veg quesadillas and they were too good.  About drinks, they have variety of beer, cocktails and other options. They have seasonal drinks which you can try for free.  At last, they have a dog too. He is so cute. About the place, you will keep wanting to stay there more.4.0<>We went to this place for our anniversary dinner after seeing all the good reviews. Food : We ordered Nachos, Mushroom Gallouti kebabs, Dal Makhani and Naan, Apple crumble cheese cake, sangria and Golden Ale. Nachos were average, frankly speaking I have had better nachos. But rest every thing after that was really-2 good. Mushroom Gallouti kebabs were just melt in mouth had really good flavoring to it. Dal Makhani again was good. Both sangria and beer were good as well. And star was the dessert which was not overly sweet and was really good.  Service : service is really good and fast. They take care of everything without being too intrusive which I really liked. We never really had to follow up on anything considering the place was really full on an weekday.  Ambience: Ambience was good as well.  Seating : I usually don't write anything about the seating but this is the reason I gave a rating of 4 and not 5. I had booked a table for 2 in advance and which basically means I am looking for a separate table for two and not shared seating. I am not sure if it needed to be specified. I followed up with them twice but they were not able to provide a separate table for two.4.0<>Picked this place to catch up with an old friend. The ambience was nice and jolly with prompt waiters. Ordered red sauce pasta which was really good.4.0<>Place and the ambience is very lively. Food was decent.The service was quite disappointing, I guess because it was overly crowed. We had to wait to like an hour for a table. Songs and Dj was very enthusiastic and lovely.5.0<>My first visit and it was worth it. Kudos to Naveen who arranged a small pastry for my wife's birthday. Amazing starters and wheat beer was worth it. Wings are the best here. Chilly chicken has good amount of spice and taste. Surely visit again. Again Naveen was awesome.4.0<>**Lovely place**  This place was always in my bucket for so long and finally I could hit this place. I loved the ambience of the place.The place is decorated nicely.  We ordered for Pan fried noodles and Mushroom Galouti. Noodles was very tasty,its combination of nicely cooked vegetables and crispy noodles. Mushroom galouti wasnt that tasty. Service is decent.  Service:4/5 Ambience:4/5 Food:4/55.0<>Every once in a while I like to visit this place. A perfect place to hangout for any occasion. Nothing comes to mind if I would try to find any flaws in this place. From seating arrangement, brewed beers, cocktails, kitchen specialities, everything is superb. Chicke Ghee Roast is a must try at this place if you haven’t already. Chicken Nachos, Deserts and even the platters are superb. MUST VISIT!!1.0<>Highly overrated place. It doesn't deserve more than 2 or 3. Been there with for dinner but it was pathetic to seat and enjoy food because of the environment. They don't have a separated smoking area or no different arrangement for those who smoke. Requested them to get a table for us where there is no smoking around but they failed to give despite prior reservation with requirements explained. Anyhow me and my wife completed our dinner and rushed out of it as soon as possible but more importantly in front us one family of 4-5 members simply cancelled their dinner there and went away because of this unhygienic environment here. Food taste is very average and service is not good at all as they are concerned with such customers mainly who drink there. So never plan for this place for food only. Darkness is so much that you can't see properly your own food served on the table. A big no for this place for ever.5.0<>One of the best breweries in this city!!  I fell in love with this place the moment I stepped foot here. The whole vibe of this place is so amazing!! Love love love the ambience. We ordered their starters- Prawns on malabar roti and chicken tikka. Both were finger licking delicious!! We also had their wheat beer and it was also one of the best Ive had in the city. The music is again just so good! There was nothing I experienced, ate or drank that was average at this place.   Until I visited this place, Windmills was my most favorite, but this place blew me away with it's charm! Surely surely going back here soon!4.0<>Biergarten is a quite popular microbrewery in Whitefield, located just across the road from Graphite India Limited office. We went here for lunch on a Sunday afternoon, and it wasn't too crowded.  🔰 Standout features of Biergarten: 🔸Open aired, and quaint interiors 🔸One of the best microbreweries in town 🔸Highly rated service 🔸1+1 on Zomato Gold  The interiors are quite spacious and almost mediterranean in their look, definitely would be more charming and beautiful at night, with all the lights switched on. There are 2 storeys of seating available, the top storey offering a good view of the entire place.  Coming to the food, we chose Nachos first, and they were excellent. Not to mention the portion size was really good! For main course, we tried the Pesto Fusilli Pasta and this was quite rich, creamy, flavor filled and absolutely delicious!  We tried the Mississippi Mudpie with Vanilla ice cream for dessert, and this too was really well made. Not too sweet, but exactly as much as needed.  For beverages, we chose Watermelon & Basil Cooler, this was absolutely packed with flavor and refreshing. The Adam's Green Apple on the other hand was not too great, probably due to personal preference. The staff was extremely polite and sweet, they provided us an alternative beverage of our choice when we let them know.  Full marks to the service here, as the staff are extremely polite, hospitable and friendly. Our steward Naveen was a courteous host and kept checking if everything was fine.  The only improvement they need is the lack of many options in food for vegetarians, as the menu has limited veg dishes. Mocktail menu can also have a overhaul, as the current options aren't too great. Though I didn't try the beers, which is actually what they are renowned for.  Overall, definitely worth a visit for their beautiful ambience, great service and delicious food.4.0<>Pretty good food! We had the soft shell chicken taco, wings and the sundried tomato pizza... everything was good. Open air ambience was also please. Really Commendable service by Nabin, we were happy with the experience.5.0<>Biergarten is a beautiful brewery and Kitchen that's located in Whitefield. I'd heard a lot about this place and it was on my bucketlist for a long time. Finally ticked this off my list today. The place is pretty huge, nice and airy. I'm sure it'll look really nice in the evening or in the night when it's nicely lit. They have couches and chairs. But the couches are definitely more comfortable, and I strongly suggest to go for the former. Nice music that keeps the place lively is a plus point. They also have a 1+1 on Zomato Gold. The stewards are really nice. Naveen who served our table was really nice. He was so patient and kind. A huge huge shout out to him. He made the lunch experience really great. Started off with the Nachos and this was the bomb! Huge portion of loaded Nachos, with sour cream and salsa. The portion is really huge and filling. Next up the fusilli in Pesto cream sauce with garlic bread. This was really creamy, great flavours and a delicious garlic bread! For mocktails, tried the watermelon based one, an Adams apple one too. One friend didn't quite like the adam apple mocktail and they were kind enough to replace it with another mocktail. A virgin mojito. Really sweet of them! The dessert was the mississippi mudpie and I requested for an ice cream too. So kind to oblige! I loved this one. A huge thanks to Naveen again! Loved the lunch and the dessert stole the show for me!5.0<>Awesome place to be at on a weekend. Loved the ambience. The live music band was just too good!!! Must have their dim-sums and chicken chilly !!! Very tasty 😋3.0<>Ambiance is good. Food few were good, few were OK. Oven roasted chicken felt only boiled chicken and it was very hard inside and tasteless. I guess nightlife and finger food are better here.4.0<>Wonderful ambience and good food. Biergarten is a huge place with loads of seating however is invariably crowded even during the weekdays. As a result of the crowd the service is a tad bit slow.4.0<>Food is decent, beer is decent, crowd is decent and music is decent. Everything about this place is decent. That's the good and bad part of this place. Its a decent place not a wow place. But they are good and they are one of the finest places in Whitefield.5.0<>Polite and friendly And the food is tooo crazy and even beer is gd and the prices are amazing Mr Rajesh treated as well he is friendly and dilevered our order as soon as faster4.0<>Went there for office party and really enjoyed. The beer which they serve is very tasty. Buffet is average but brews are really good. One of the best place to go with friends and family in Whitefield. Ambience is nice and staffs are good. Zomato gold works too ;)5.0<>Probably one of the best breweries in Whitefield area. Good food, great service and amazing brews. We ordered chicken nachos, chicken tikka and had Daal Makhni and Roti for main course. Everything was cooked to perfection and was tasty. To be honest, never expected such good food at a pub  Tried Heifeweizen Beer. It was brewed well, had light golden colour with aroma of wheat and tasted awesome. Plan to visit again soon:)3.0<>Been here several times! Had a different experience each time. Their craft beer is not consistent. But my brunch experience was really good. Love the set up of the place. Limited food and decent options! Service was bad at first , but since we were a group of 10, Drinks took a while ! Over all a decent experience, but the beer batches must be consistent!5.0<>I have been to many places and I always find one or other thing they can improve.  But this place is amazing. The staff is amazing and they will help with running offers too. I got 40% off on drinks because of them. Second, service is really fast. I doubted when they came with food after 10 minutes only. But food was really delicious. I ordered veg quesadillas and they were too good.  About drinks, they have variety of beer, cocktails and other options. They have seasonal drinks which you can try for free.  At last, they have a dog too. He is so cute. About the place, you will keep wanting to stay there more.4.0<>We went to this place for our anniversary dinner after seeing all the good reviews. Food : We ordered Nachos, Mushroom Gallouti kebabs, Dal Makhani and Naan, Apple crumble cheese cake, sangria and Golden Ale. Nachos were average, frankly speaking I have had better nachos. But rest every thing after that was really-2 good. Mushroom Gallouti kebabs were just melt in mouth had really good flavoring to it. Dal Makhani again was good. Both sangria and beer were good as well. And star was the dessert which was not overly sweet and was really good.  Service : service is really good and fast. They take care of everything without being too intrusive which I really liked. We never really had to follow up on anything considering the place was really full on an weekday.  Ambience: Ambience was good as well.  Seating : I usually don't write anything about the seating but this is the reason I gave a rating of 4 and not 5. I had booked a table for 2 in advance and which basically means I am looking for a separate table for two and not shared seating. I am not sure if it needed to be specified. I followed up with them twice but they were not able to provide a separate table for two.4.0<>Picked this place to catch up with an old friend. The ambience was nice and jolly with prompt waiters. Ordered red sauce pasta which was really good.4.0<>Place and the ambience is very lively. Food was decent.The service was quite disappointing, I guess because it was overly crowed. We had to wait to like an hour for a table. Songs and Dj was very enthusiastic and lovely.5.0<>My first visit and it was worth it. Kudos to Naveen who arranged a small pastry for my wife's birthday. Amazing starters and wheat beer was worth it. Wings are the best here. Chilly chicken has good amount of spice and taste. Surely visit again. Again Naveen was awesome.4.0<>**Lovely place**  This place was always in my bucket for so long and finally I could hit this place. I loved the ambience of the place.The place is decorated nicely.  We ordered for Pan fried noodles and Mushroom Galouti. Noodles was very tasty,its combination of nicely cooked vegetables and crispy noodles. Mushroom galouti wasnt that tasty. Service is decent.  Service:4/5 Ambience:4/5 Food:4/55.0<>Every once in a while I like to visit this place. A perfect place to hangout for any occasion. Nothing comes to mind if I would try to find any flaws in this place. From seating arrangement, brewed beers, cocktails, kitchen specialities, everything is superb. Chicke Ghee Roast is a must try at this place if you haven’t already. Chicken Nachos, Deserts and even the platters are superb. MUST VISIT!!3.0<>OVERHYPED ! The place is just a hype. I had gone there on my bday. I booked a table for 8:30 pm. When I enter, the staff did not have my name on the tab even though I showed them the text confirmation. Then they reschedule it to 9 pm and make me wait. Finally i get the table. The food was good to my relief but the music was terrible.5.0<>Loki is a great guy at Biergarten. Thanks for the service.  Great ambience and music. Mind blowing. Live music was very good. Good crowd. Yummy drinks and great pizza. This is my second visit in two weeks.2.0<>The live music at Biergarten was way below expectations. Honestly felt like I'm sitting for some satsang. Big time disappointment. Food was good.5.0<>Loved the food.. must go place for the delicious finger licking food. We ordered veg and non veg platter . Both had enough tasty option. We also ordered pesto pasta sauce.. which we ordered twice , we loved it so much. We had mashroom Gulati and pizza also ... Can't get over the taste... onion rings ordered 3 times..  Amazing place for party Reservation required4.0<>Been on my list from a long time. The place actually attracted me with the ambience they have and the open air. So finally visited with team in one fine evening, we did reservation at the last min so got the place in the open air on ground floor. They have kind of benches where you can sit facing each other and the benches are quite long which can be shared with other groups. The place is lively, and so the beer. They do serve custom beers which are good. The food was good too, tried from pizza to pasta to chicken Wings, nachos etc. Every single item was good and my team had a great time.  Overall, would definitely recommend the place either with friends or team.4.0<>Well. Big place .Open seating .Nice ambience.Nice food.In-house brewery. Been there twice..Beer.Above average. If you compare this with top breweries in Bengaluru, it doesn't stands out.5.0<>[Zomato Gold] Hassle free experience!  Visited this place on a Sunday evening. The ambience of the place is exotic. It has a huge open structure with ample seating space. The lighting is brilliant.  We ordered Potato Wedges and Pan Fried Noodles in Chilli Beans Sauce. Both items were delicious and quantity was way more than expected, good enough for 4-5 people.  For desserts we had the dark chocolate redemption which was eggless and delicious.  The servers were very friend and helpful. Loved my experience here!4.0<>•The ambience is really nice and the place is well decorated. It gives a good vibe. I really love open spaces, so it was perfect sitting out and having a nice time. I would suggest going here at night cause it's windy sometimes yet peaceful  •The service is quick and the staff is really nice and polite.  •The food is absolutely tasty and they have a variety of options to choose. But you must try the craft beer here since it's their speciality. The presentation of the food is good as well. My compliments to the chef and his crew.  •I would definitely visit this place again to grab a cold beer and tasty food, also i would recommend it to my friends and family as well.4.0<>Amazing ambience and great vibes. Along with their 1L mugs, we had the chilli chicken, pork chops and barbeque chicken pizza. The food was really good and this place is a must visit. Will definitely be back to try more4.0<>This was my 2nd visit here. We went there with my family for dinner and loved the food and ambience Loki's service is also very good.we mostly ordered starter and those were delicious ...i would recommend everyone to visit Ambience -4 Food -4 Service -4 Location -44.0<>4.5 to be precise. Good beer. I am a dark beer guy. So the “coffee” flavour in the beer was nice. Suggested crispy chilli chicken was brilliant. Fish fingers was good with the onion rings. One complaint for the French fries, the top few fries lacked seasoning, rest was as you expect your fries to be. Hence the deduction in the rating (wasn’t “Perfect”). All in all, a must place to visit. The staff is courteous and you can have a good time.1.0<>Sheer disappointment ! Too crowded. I understand the concept of shared benches but they were making it too crampy with adjusting people wherever possible . And as it is too crowded, waiters were hardly paying attention. Just to make money they are ruining how it used to be ! Sorry to say but I had to walk out in the end which I havr never did in a restaurant of this rating. Maybe just a bad day for them and me. But a big Disappointment !4.0<>Great food. Best part is it has Zomato gold. The service was great. :) Good job, Suman. Music is okayish, beer tastes great - Wheat beer. Will visit again soon. Thanks for a good time.5.0<>Visited Biergarten had their cocktails and bar men’s Varun whiskey based special cocktails and it was Awesome. Great service by Dipel who served us on a Saturday evening and good ambience. Cheers.4.5<>Food is amazing out here! Especially their Pizza!! LOKI was extremely sweet and courteous. Service is top notch. Definitely go for the pizza! And their beach ice tea is kickass!4.0<>Good place with nice ambience, food is also I'll say above average...And it is pocket friendly as compared to other similar nearby places...I like open seating.. although seats can have little more cushion...4.0<>Came here for a late Saturday lunch. Place was relatively empty and managed to get a couch. Ambience is impressive. Found the service to be slow. Beer was good. Beetroot Chicken starter was good. Chicken nachos were not up to the mark. Tasted kind of dry. It was a second visit to this place. It's a nice place to hangout with friends/family in the evenings,gets more lively5.0<>Loki was very pleasant and courteous with the way he handled our evening. The ambience of the place was very good. Do ask for the cheesecake Ann you get here.5.0<>Great place to spend evening pleasantly. large dish sizes. taste is average.  appreciate services of Navin & Rajesh.  PS: Writing this review from restaurant table as it was the condition to get the check.5.0<>Biergarten lives up to expectation time and again. Courteous staff who pay attention and try to accommodate your little requests. Every single dish is a delight. I wonder how they make such good vegetarian fare as well. Music is always uplifting and so are the afternoon beers. They probably serve the best IPA in town.3.0<>OVERHYPED ! The place is just a hype. I had gone there on my bday. I booked a table for 8:30 pm. When I enter, the staff did not have my name on the tab even though I showed them the text confirmation. Then they reschedule it to 9 pm and make me wait. Finally i get the table. The food was good to my relief but the music was terrible.5.0<>Loki is a great guy at Biergarten. Thanks for the service.  Great ambience and music. Mind blowing. Live music was very good. Good crowd. Yummy drinks and great pizza. This is my second visit in two weeks.2.0<>The live music at Biergarten was way below expectations. Honestly felt like I'm sitting for some satsang. Big time disappointment. Food was good.5.0<>Loved the food.. must go place for the delicious finger licking food. We ordered veg and non veg platter . Both had enough tasty option. We also ordered pesto pasta sauce.. which we ordered twice , we loved it so much. We had mashroom Gulati and pizza also ... Can't get over the taste... onion rings ordered 3 times..  Amazing place for party Reservation required4.0<>Been on my list from a long time. The place actually attracted me with the ambience they have and the open air. So finally visited with team in one fine evening, we did reservation at the last min so got the place in the open air on ground floor. They have kind of benches where you can sit facing each other and the benches are quite long which can be shared with other groups. The place is lively, and so the beer. They do serve custom beers which are good. The food was good too, tried from pizza to pasta to chicken Wings, nachos etc. Every single item was good and my team had a great time.  Overall, would definitely recommend the place either with friends or team.4.0<>Well. Big place .Open seating .Nice ambience.Nice food.In-house brewery. Been there twice..Beer.Above average. If you compare this with top breweries in Bengaluru, it doesn't stands out.5.0<>[Zomato Gold] Hassle free experience!  Visited this place on a Sunday evening. The ambience of the place is exotic. It has a huge open structure with ample seating space. The lighting is brilliant.  We ordered Potato Wedges and Pan Fried Noodles in Chilli Beans Sauce. Both items were delicious and quantity was way more than expected, good enough for 4-5 people.  For desserts we had the dark chocolate redemption which was eggless and delicious.  The servers were very friend and helpful. Loved my experience here!4.0<>•The ambience is really nice and the place is well decorated. It gives a good vibe. I really love open spaces, so it was perfect sitting out and having a nice time. I would suggest going here at night cause it's windy sometimes yet peaceful  •The service is quick and the staff is really nice and polite.  •The food is absolutely tasty and they have a variety of options to choose. But you must try the craft beer here since it's their speciality. The presentation of the food is good as well. My compliments to the chef and his crew.  •I would definitely visit this place again to grab a cold beer and tasty food, also i would recommend it to my friends and family as well.4.0<>Amazing ambience and great vibes. Along with their 1L mugs, we had the chilli chicken, pork chops and barbeque chicken pizza. The food was really good and this place is a must visit. Will definitely be back to try more4.0<>This was my 2nd visit here. We went there with my family for dinner and loved the food and ambience Loki's service is also very good.we mostly ordered starter and those were delicious ...i would recommend everyone to visit Ambience -4 Food -4 Service -4 Location -44.0<>4.5 to be precise. Good beer. I am a dark beer guy. So the “coffee” flavour in the beer was nice. Suggested crispy chilli chicken was brilliant. Fish fingers was good with the onion rings. One complaint for the French fries, the top few fries lacked seasoning, rest was as you expect your fries to be. Hence the deduction in the rating (wasn’t “Perfect”). All in all, a must place to visit. The staff is courteous and you can have a good time.1.0<>Sheer disappointment ! Too crowded. I understand the concept of shared benches but they were making it too crampy with adjusting people wherever possible . And as it is too crowded, waiters were hardly paying attention. Just to make money they are ruining how it used to be ! Sorry to say but I had to walk out in the end which I havr never did in a restaurant of this rating. Maybe just a bad day for them and me. But a big Disappointment !4.0<>Great food. Best part is it has Zomato gold. The service was great. :) Good job, Suman. Music is okayish, beer tastes great - Wheat beer. Will visit again soon. Thanks for a good time.5.0<>Visited Biergarten had their cocktails and bar men’s Varun whiskey based special cocktails and it was Awesome. Great service by Dipel who served us on a Saturday evening and good ambience. Cheers.4.5<>Food is amazing out here! Especially their Pizza!! LOKI was extremely sweet and courteous. Service is top notch. Definitely go for the pizza! And their beach ice tea is kickass!4.0<>Good place with nice ambience, food is also I'll say above average...And it is pocket friendly as compared to other similar nearby places...I like open seating.. although seats can have little more cushion...4.0<>Came here for a late Saturday lunch. Place was relatively empty and managed to get a couch. Ambience is impressive. Found the service to be slow. Beer was good. Beetroot Chicken starter was good. Chicken nachos were not up to the mark. Tasted kind of dry. It was a second visit to this place. It's a nice place to hangout with friends/family in the evenings,gets more lively5.0<>Loki was very pleasant and courteous with the way he handled our evening. The ambience of the place was very good. Do ask for the cheesecake Ann you get here.5.0<>Great place to spend evening pleasantly. large dish sizes. taste is average.  appreciate services of Navin & Rajesh.  PS: Writing this review from restaurant table as it was the condition to get the check.5.0<>Biergarten lives up to expectation time and again. Courteous staff who pay attention and try to accommodate your little requests. Every single dish is a delight. I wonder how they make such good vegetarian fare as well. Music is always uplifting and so are the afternoon beers. They probably serve the best IPA in town.3.0<>OVERHYPED ! The place is just a hype. I had gone there on my bday. I booked a table for 8:30 pm. When I enter, the staff did not have my name on the tab even though I showed them the text confirmation. Then they reschedule it to 9 pm and make me wait. Finally i get the table. The food was good to my relief but the music was terrible.5.0<>Loki is a great guy at Biergarten. Thanks for the service.  Great ambience and music. Mind blowing. Live music was very good. Good crowd. Yummy drinks and great pizza. This is my second visit in two weeks.2.0<>The live music at Biergarten was way below expectations. Honestly felt like I'm sitting for some satsang. Big time disappointment. Food was good.5.0<>Loved the food.. must go place for the delicious finger licking food. We ordered veg and non veg platter . Both had enough tasty option. We also ordered pesto pasta sauce.. which we ordered twice , we loved it so much. We had mashroom Gulati and pizza also ... Can't get over the taste... onion rings ordered 3 times..  Amazing place for party Reservation required4.0<>Been on my list from a long time. The place actually attracted me with the ambience they have and the open air. So finally visited with team in one fine evening, we did reservation at the last min so got the place in the open air on ground floor. They have kind of benches where you can sit facing each other and the benches are quite long which can be shared with other groups. The place is lively, and so the beer. They do serve custom beers which are good. The food was good too, tried from pizza to pasta to chicken Wings, nachos etc. Every single item was good and my team had a great time.  Overall, would definitely recommend the place either with friends or team.4.0<>Well. Big place .Open seating .Nice ambience.Nice food.In-house brewery. Been there twice..Beer.Above average. If you compare this with top breweries in Bengaluru, it doesn't stands out.5.0<>[Zomato Gold] Hassle free experience!  Visited this place on a Sunday evening. The ambience of the place is exotic. It has a huge open structure with ample seating space. The lighting is brilliant.  We ordered Potato Wedges and Pan Fried Noodles in Chilli Beans Sauce. Both items were delicious and quantity was way more than expected, good enough for 4-5 people.  For desserts we had the dark chocolate redemption which was eggless and delicious.  The servers were very friend and helpful. Loved my experience here!4.0<>•The ambience is really nice and the place is well decorated. It gives a good vibe. I really love open spaces, so it was perfect sitting out and having a nice time. I would suggest going here at night cause it's windy sometimes yet peaceful  •The service is quick and the staff is really nice and polite.  •The food is absolutely tasty and they have a variety of options to choose. But you must try the craft beer here since it's their speciality. The presentation of the food is good as well. My compliments to the chef and his crew.  •I would definitely visit this place again to grab a cold beer and tasty food, also i would recommend it to my friends and family as well.4.0<>Amazing ambience and great vibes. Along with their 1L mugs, we had the chilli chicken, pork chops and barbeque chicken pizza. The food was really good and this place is a must visit. Will definitely be back to try more4.0<>This was my 2nd visit here. We went there with my family for dinner and loved the food and ambience Loki's service is also very good.we mostly ordered starter and those were delicious ...i would recommend everyone to visit Ambience -4 Food -4 Service -4 Location -44.0<>4.5 to be precise. Good beer. I am a dark beer guy. So the “coffee” flavour in the beer was nice. Suggested crispy chilli chicken was brilliant. Fish fingers was good with the onion rings. One complaint for the French fries, the top few fries lacked seasoning, rest was as you expect your fries to be. Hence the deduction in the rating (wasn’t “Perfect”). All in all, a must place to visit. The staff is courteous and you can have a good time.1.0<>Sheer disappointment ! Too crowded. I understand the concept of shared benches but they were making it too crampy with adjusting people wherever possible . And as it is too crowded, waiters were hardly paying attention. Just to make money they are ruining how it used to be ! Sorry to say but I had to walk out in the end which I havr never did in a restaurant of this rating. Maybe just a bad day for them and me. But a big Disappointment !4.0<>Great food. Best part is it has Zomato gold. The service was great. :) Good job, Suman. Music is okayish, beer tastes great - Wheat beer. Will visit again soon. Thanks for a good time.5.0<>Visited Biergarten had their cocktails and bar men’s Varun whiskey based special cocktails and it was Awesome. Great service by Dipel who served us on a Saturday evening and good ambience. Cheers.4.5<>Food is amazing out here! Especially their Pizza!! LOKI was extremely sweet and courteous. Service is top notch. Definitely go for the pizza! And their beach ice tea is kickass!4.0<>Good place with nice ambience, food is also I'll say above average...And it is pocket friendly as compared to other similar nearby places...I like open seating.. although seats can have little more cushion...4.0<>Came here for a late Saturday lunch. Place was relatively empty and managed to get a couch. Ambience is impressive. Found the service to be slow. Beer was good. Beetroot Chicken starter was good. Chicken nachos were not up to the mark. Tasted kind of dry. It was a second visit to this place. It's a nice place to hangout with friends/family in the evenings,gets more lively5.0<>Loki was very pleasant and courteous with the way he handled our evening. The ambience of the place was very good. Do ask for the cheesecake Ann you get here.5.0<>Great place to spend evening pleasantly. large dish sizes. taste is average.  appreciate services of Navin & Rajesh.  PS: Writing this review from restaurant table as it was the condition to get the check.5.0<>Biergarten lives up to expectation time and again. Courteous staff who pay attention and try to accommodate your little requests. Every single dish is a delight. I wonder how they make such good vegetarian fare as well. Music is always uplifting and so are the afternoon beers. They probably serve the best IPA in town.3.0<>OVERHYPED ! The place is just a hype. I had gone there on my bday. I booked a table for 8:30 pm. When I enter, the staff did not have my name on the tab even though I showed them the text confirmation. Then they reschedule it to 9 pm and make me wait. Finally i get the table. The food was good to my relief but the music was terrible.5.0<>Loki is a great guy at Biergarten. Thanks for the service.  Great ambience and music. Mind blowing. Live music was very good. Good crowd. Yummy drinks and great pizza. This is my second visit in two weeks.2.0<>The live music at Biergarten was way below expectations. Honestly felt like I'm sitting for some satsang. Big time disappointment. Food was good.5.0<>Loved the food.. must go place for the delicious finger licking food. We ordered veg and non veg platter . Both had enough tasty option. We also ordered pesto pasta sauce.. which we ordered twice , we loved it so much. We had mashroom Gulati and pizza also ... Can't get over the taste... onion rings ordered 3 times..  Amazing place for party Reservation required4.0<>Been on my list from a long time. The place actually attracted me with the ambience they have and the open air. So finally visited with team in one fine evening, we did reservation at the last min so got the place in the open air on ground floor. They have kind of benches where you can sit facing each other and the benches are quite long which can be shared with other groups. The place is lively, and so the beer. They do serve custom beers which are good. The food was good too, tried from pizza to pasta to chicken Wings, nachos etc. Every single item was good and my team had a great time.  Overall, would definitely recommend the place either with friends or team.4.0<>Well. Big place .Open seating .Nice ambience.Nice food.In-house brewery. Been there twice..Beer.Above average. If you compare this with top breweries in Bengaluru, it doesn't stands out.5.0<>[Zomato Gold] Hassle free experience!  Visited this place on a Sunday evening. The ambience of the place is exotic. It has a huge open structure with ample seating space. The lighting is brilliant.  We ordered Potato Wedges and Pan Fried Noodles in Chilli Beans Sauce. Both items were delicious and quantity was way more than expected, good enough for 4-5 people.  For desserts we had the dark chocolate redemption which was eggless and delicious.  The servers were very friend and helpful. Loved my experience here!4.0<>•The ambience is really nice and the place is well decorated. It gives a good vibe. I really love open spaces, so it was perfect sitting out and having a nice time. I would suggest going here at night cause it's windy sometimes yet peaceful  •The service is quick and the staff is really nice and polite.  •The food is absolutely tasty and they have a variety of options to choose. But you must try the craft beer here since it's their speciality. The presentation of the food is good as well. My compliments to the chef and his crew.  •I would definitely visit this place again to grab a cold beer and tasty food, also i would recommend it to my friends and family as well.4.0<>Amazing ambience and great vibes. Along with their 1L mugs, we had the chilli chicken, pork chops and barbeque chicken pizza. The food was really good and this place is a must visit. Will definitely be back to try more4.0<>This was my 2nd visit here. We went there with my family for dinner and loved the food and ambience Loki's service is also very good.we mostly ordered starter and those were delicious ...i would recommend everyone to visit Ambience -4 Food -4 Service -4 Location -44.0<>4.5 to be precise. Good beer. I am a dark beer guy. So the “coffee” flavour in the beer was nice. Suggested crispy chilli chicken was brilliant. Fish fingers was good with the onion rings. One complaint for the French fries, the top few fries lacked seasoning, rest was as you expect your fries to be. Hence the deduction in the rating (wasn’t “Perfect”). All in all, a must place to visit. The staff is courteous and you can have a good time.1.0<>Sheer disappointment ! Too crowded. I understand the concept of shared benches but they were making it too crampy with adjusting people wherever possible . And as it is too crowded, waiters were hardly paying attention. Just to make money they are ruining how it used to be ! Sorry to say but I had to walk out in the end which I havr never did in a restaurant of this rating. Maybe just a bad day for them and me. But a big Disappointment !4.0<>Great food. Best part is it has Zomato gold. The service was great. :) Good job, Suman. Music is okayish, beer tastes great - Wheat beer. Will visit again soon. Thanks for a good time.5.0<>Visited Biergarten had their cocktails and bar men’s Varun whiskey based special cocktails and it was Awesome. Great service by Dipel who served us on a Saturday evening and good ambience. Cheers.4.5<>Food is amazing out here! Especially their Pizza!! LOKI was extremely sweet and courteous. Service is top notch. Definitely go for the pizza! And their beach ice tea is kickass!4.0<>Good place with nice ambience, food is also I'll say above average...And it is pocket friendly as compared to other similar nearby places...I like open seating.. although seats can have little more cushion...4.0<>Came here for a late Saturday lunch. Place was relatively empty and managed to get a couch. Ambience is impressive. Found the service to be slow. Beer was good. Beetroot Chicken starter was good. Chicken nachos were not up to the mark. Tasted kind of dry. It was a second visit to this place. It's a nice place to hangout with friends/family in the evenings,gets more lively5.0<>Loki was very pleasant and courteous with the way he handled our evening. The ambience of the place was very good. Do ask for the cheesecake Ann you get here.5.0<>Great place to spend evening pleasantly. large dish sizes. taste is average.  appreciate services of Navin & Rajesh.  PS: Writing this review from restaurant table as it was the condition to get the check.5.0<>Biergarten lives up to expectation time and again. Courteous staff who pay attention and try to accommodate your little requests. Every single dish is a delight. I wonder how they make such good vegetarian fare as well. Music is always uplifting and so are the afternoon beers. They probably serve the best IPA in town.5.0<>This place is great for food, music and ambience. Fine brewery as well. It’s pretty big and was very crowded. However the staff was very attentive and responsive. Kudos to that. The DJ was excellent. Had a great collection.4.0<>Well After a long time wait finally I made it to Biergarten , i heard about this place a lot and it didn't disappointed me either . Great Service and really quick in orders . Food I have ordered here is Chicken Nachos which is definitely a great one but I felt the best one is Biergarten Chicken Wings it's really taste delicious . We have ordered Pepper Chicken Tikka that was also great . Overall valued for Money . Ambience is also superb . And most importantly there Craft Beer , I love wheat beer always again they are 💯 in that . Keep up the Good work . I will definitely visit once again to have more dishes from you . I never gave a Five star yet in zommato to any restaurant but I feel to give you in my next visit after exploring some more .4.0<>Food is really nice here, so is the ambient. The best Hot toddy in town. Fish was very fresh. Open air sitting area at the centre is quite relaxing, however they also have shaded sitting arrangements on the first floor. Overall nice place to visit on weekends.5.0<>Had a great night . Thank you Suman for hosting us :) Such a great night The craft are awesome. People visiting here they must try the pizza and craft beer. We will definitely visit again5.0<>Ah! A lovely afternoon spent here at Biergarten. Ambience: I liked the ambience all around it. The touch of the green colour made me feel as I am in a virtual garden. The sofas are no doubt the most comfortable thing there. Grab them as soon as you reach. Food: 1. Nachos: I had a great time having these. One of the most wholesome thing. By wholesome I mean that the whole nacho bowl was filled with veggies and sauces and nachos in the correct balance. Till the last bite, I didn't have to go picking up things one by one. I didn't even touch the extra dip they provided because I didn't need to. 2. Chucunderi Chicken Tikka: I would recommend this to everyone who visit. The chicken was marinated in yoghurt and beetroot and had this elegant reddish colour. This chicken tikka is by far one of the best I have tasted. Oh! So succulent. Served on a bed of pitas with a mint chutney and garnished with fresh mint. The pitas could be served in a better way. Since the chicken was made to sit on top of a base layer of pitas, the chicken made the pita bread soggy. Suggestion: Try the chicken with the fresh mint leaves rather than the chutney. You will fall in love 3. Diavola(Pizza): A descent wood fire pizza with mushrooms, Chili, fresh onions, jalapenos along with coriander leaves, which I changed to basil and made the pizza taste even better. 4. Newyork Cheesecake: It had been quite a long time since I tasted such a delicious cheesecake. It was totally worth it. Dont miss on this!  Drinks: I like wheat beer🍺 and that's what I had ordered; I enjoyed their brew.  Staff response: Courteous, humble and understanding. I wanted a change of toppings in my pizza and got it without any trouble. They agreed to it right away. On repeatedly asking him(one of the staff) if their(restaurant) cheesecake was good enough or not, I got a reply that if I didn't like they wouldn't charge for it. This won my heart. 💓  Thank you for the experience. I enjoyed it5.0<>Had heard about this place a lot from friends and colleagues so finally thought of giving it a go. And the place did not disappoint at all. From the ambiance to the drinks( I tried Wheat and IPA) to the food, everything was almost pitch perfect. Chicken Nachos and Herb fish fingers went well with the drinks. The food was really great too. That is something that I find most of the pubs to struggle with. What topped it all is the DJ tuning into Bollywood and Punjabi numbers a bit late into the night. Lively place to hangout with friends.4.0<>Went here for lunch tried the non-veg platter that had bbq chicken wings , Fish, Seekh kebab and malai tikka. Also tried the Mac n cheese pasta that had a variety of cheese in it and the famous Wheat Beer. The food is good, the place looks amazing and the ambience is nice too.4.0<>Loved the ambience and service provided here Enjoyed the 🍺 Must try Very lively and decent crowd Would definitely visit this place again and have the brewed beers here 🙂☺️🙃🙂5.0<>Ambience : 5/5 Service : 4.5/5 Food : 5/5  Amazing Ambience and I was planning this place from long time. Went for dinner with a friend and tried : in the summer mocktail which is mango based, Guava chillo mocktail with guava and chilli, starters as Chicken Tikka and prawns ghee roast which I upvote 200%. Tried chicken Tikka pizza which was also good to try if you go as group of 4 else which it will be higher in quantity for ppl of 24.0<>Today we went to this place for a quick post lunch chit chat over a mug of beer. This may not be a very comprehensive review considering the nature of our visit but definitely more than a first impression. So first things first, this place is a microbrewery with a good lounge space. We ordered the beer testers (as it was our first time here) and finally settled for their wheat beer . We finally ended up repeating beer though our initial idea was just to have 1 beer. Anyways, beer was good and so was the service. We only ordered Nachos so nothing much to talk about food . One thing to mention is the location, metro construction is going on right in front of this place so looks little messy from outside. They have vallet parking for cars, bikers park on their own (space between footpath and the property wall). I would visit again for more detailed review but for now i can say it's a good place to hang out.4.0<>Biergarten is a microbrewery cum lounge which is quite located in the vicinity of the Whitefield. The ambience is great . Its very vibrant . The outdoor sitting arrangement gives a quite a refreshing experience, with the chilly breeze going past through. The food was good . I just loved grilled salmon salad . Gai yang is a good main course option who prefer a bit of oriental cuisine . The grilled chicken breast was bit bland and disappointing . The description of the dish in the menu doesn’t match with the actual one . It was too much of a cheese . The entire dish was a outburst of excess cheese . Other the starter were all good . It’s a good place to hangout and catch up with old school friends .5.0<>BIERGARTEN! When we enter its more like the Garden of Eden for alcoholics.  The ambience is just top class. Turquoise and white combined with the perfect lighting. Amazing!  We got our seats upstairs by the corner sofas. The music set the mood right away. Calvin Harris and most of the famous electronic music was playing in the background.  Interesting menu they've got. Beer lovers should surely try out their dark beers it's unlike other dark beers you get in most breweries. You hardly realise the bitterness as its masked by the other toffee like flavor.  And the wheat is good. Really good!  We also ordered Biergarten Tall Cocktails.  Charge Ice Tea. 5/5 It's a mix of redbul and ice team. This one just left me tipsy after just half a glass of it. Mixologist here are absolutely killing it. Never did I even get a hint of taste of alcohol while drinking it absolutely smooth and got me drunk like I was 3 drinks down..  Beach Ice Tea. 4/5 This one is quite good as well.  Wanted to try the Liquid Nitrogen Ice tea but they didn't have it available. Maybe next time!!  Coming to the starters. We ordered  Pepper Chicken Tikka. 5/5 I recommend everyone to definitely order this one. The best juicy and spicy chicken Tikka ever. We were literally fighting for the last piece on the plate. The chefs have absolutely nailed this dish in every way! A burst of flavors and the perfectly cooked juicy chicken when you eat just one bite..  Andhra Style Chilli Chicken. 1/5 Not gonna recommend this as it had only bones and hardly any meat. Its a waste to order it.  Biergarten Chicken Wings. 4/5 The wings were really good and spicy.  Also loved the service and the quick availability of staff always. We hardly had to wait like 10 mins to get our order even though the place was quite packed.  If you're in and around Whitefield area and lookin for a drink or a good place to hangout. This is the place. Look no further.5.0<>It is a huge place and open to the sky! There is a lot of greenery inside. It is absolutely an undoubted place to spend a quality evening. We had loaded cheese fries, tandoori paneer tikka, and nachos. All were awesome. The music was loud and good. You can dance on the beats near your seating spot. The services were quick and hospitable. The price is also reasonable compared to other pubs. One drawback is that it is very very crowded on weekends. But I guess every good thing comes with a price. Overall, a happening place for large group party lovers!4.0<>This place is located right at the main road that makes it all the more accessible. Visited here on a Saturday night. The ambience looked amazing with a DJ counter at the ground floor . Seatings we're available both at ground as well as first floor.  Food- ordered pepper chicken Tikka as starter. It was good in taste with the flavor of pepper very prominent. Wish it was lil more spices and had some toppings and veggies in there. Came across as lil blank or plain to me. Also ordered potato wedges that was in a great quantity.  Drinks- since this place claims to be a microbrewery, we ordered wheat beer and dark beer. Both the beers were amazing. Cheers to that. !  One major dissapoitment came when we got to know zomato gold is not available for that day due to some performance happening there that day. It should have been mentioned at the zomato.  Non the less , must try!4.0<>Located on the main road this place is easily reachable. Setup of the DJ and Bar counter and then the seating in between was nicely done. We ordered couple of cocktails and Beer , drinks are good . Food was really good especially the salads 👌 overall had a nice time here, service was decent.  Only problem we had is with the reception who are reluctant to provide a table on the 1st floor.  Must visit if you are around Whitefield✌️5.0<>We went on Saturday evening and was served by loki. He was very helpful and the food we ordered was feta and garlic mushroom, bacon coated prawn and Mediterranean lasagne. The taste was perfect and the music is killing. Loved music thnks to the dj.. would love to visit again5.0<>The services were quite good.. And coming to food nad drinks it was awesome.. Thanks Loki for the services. Must visit.. I tried Chilli drinks in many places but found it best over here4.0<>This is the place to be in on any given day. It has some of the best dishes you can try out. One the finest brew houses that I have been to. The food excellent and comes in hot on to the table. You have a very friendly staff who takes care of you all the way.  One needs to either carry a mosquito repellent or ask of a repellent coil to be placed under your table.  On some days the brew can get over quickly and I think they need to plan well so that the brew lasts till the place is closed for the night.  The music is good too, check for the special events and you might catch a good gig at this place.5.0<>We had gone here on Saturday and were lucky to find a place. It is a great place and the food is awesome. The theme of this restaurant is really good.5.0<>Goto place for anyone who wants to just sit back, listen to good music and drink good beer. Their wheat beer is excellent and a must have. So is their panfried noodles. This is a must visit around ITPL.5.0<>This place is great for food, music and ambience. Fine brewery as well. It’s pretty big and was very crowded. However the staff was very attentive and responsive. Kudos to that. The DJ was excellent. Had a great collection.4.0<>Well After a long time wait finally I made it to Biergarten , i heard about this place a lot and it didn't disappointed me either . Great Service and really quick in orders . Food I have ordered here is Chicken Nachos which is definitely a great one but I felt the best one is Biergarten Chicken Wings it's really taste delicious . We have ordered Pepper Chicken Tikka that was also great . Overall valued for Money . Ambience is also superb . And most importantly there Craft Beer , I love wheat beer always again they are 💯 in that . Keep up the Good work . I will definitely visit once again to have more dishes from you . I never gave a Five star yet in zommato to any restaurant but I feel to give you in my next visit after exploring some more .4.0<>Food is really nice here, so is the ambient. The best Hot toddy in town. Fish was very fresh. Open air sitting area at the centre is quite relaxing, however they also have shaded sitting arrangements on the first floor. Overall nice place to visit on weekends.5.0<>Had a great night . Thank you Suman for hosting us :) Such a great night The craft are awesome. People visiting here they must try the pizza and craft beer. We will definitely visit again5.0<>Ah! A lovely afternoon spent here at Biergarten. Ambience: I liked the ambience all around it. The touch of the green colour made me feel as I am in a virtual garden. The sofas are no doubt the most comfortable thing there. Grab them as soon as you reach. Food: 1. Nachos: I had a great time having these. One of the most wholesome thing. By wholesome I mean that the whole nacho bowl was filled with veggies and sauces and nachos in the correct balance. Till the last bite, I didn't have to go picking up things one by one. I didn't even touch the extra dip they provided because I didn't need to. 2. Chucunderi Chicken Tikka: I would recommend this to everyone who visit. The chicken was marinated in yoghurt and beetroot and had this elegant reddish colour. This chicken tikka is by far one of the best I have tasted. Oh! So succulent. Served on a bed of pitas with a mint chutney and garnished with fresh mint. The pitas could be served in a better way. Since the chicken was made to sit on top of a base layer of pitas, the chicken made the pita bread soggy. Suggestion: Try the chicken with the fresh mint leaves rather than the chutney. You will fall in love 3. Diavola(Pizza): A descent wood fire pizza with mushrooms, Chili, fresh onions, jalapenos along with coriander leaves, which I changed to basil and made the pizza taste even better. 4. Newyork Cheesecake: It had been quite a long time since I tasted such a delicious cheesecake. It was totally worth it. Dont miss on this!  Drinks: I like wheat beer🍺 and that's what I had ordered; I enjoyed their brew.  Staff response: Courteous, humble and understanding. I wanted a change of toppings in my pizza and got it without any trouble. They agreed to it right away. On repeatedly asking him(one of the staff) if their(restaurant) cheesecake was good enough or not, I got a reply that if I didn't like they wouldn't charge for it. This won my heart. 💓  Thank you for the experience. I enjoyed it5.0<>Had heard about this place a lot from friends and colleagues so finally thought of giving it a go. And the place did not disappoint at all. From the ambiance to the drinks( I tried Wheat and IPA) to the food, everything was almost pitch perfect. Chicken Nachos and Herb fish fingers went well with the drinks. The food was really great too. That is something that I find most of the pubs to struggle with. What topped it all is the DJ tuning into Bollywood and Punjabi numbers a bit late into the night. Lively place to hangout with friends.4.0<>Went here for lunch tried the non-veg platter that had bbq chicken wings , Fish, Seekh kebab and malai tikka. Also tried the Mac n cheese pasta that had a variety of cheese in it and the famous Wheat Beer. The food is good, the place looks amazing and the ambience is nice too.4.0<>Loved the ambience and service provided here Enjoyed the 🍺 Must try Very lively and decent crowd Would definitely visit this place again and have the brewed beers here 🙂☺️🙃🙂5.0<>Ambience : 5/5 Service : 4.5/5 Food : 5/5  Amazing Ambience and I was planning this place from long time. Went for dinner with a friend and tried : in the summer mocktail which is mango based, Guava chillo mocktail with guava and chilli, starters as Chicken Tikka and prawns ghee roast which I upvote 200%. Tried chicken Tikka pizza which was also good to try if you go as group of 4 else which it will be higher in quantity for ppl of 24.0<>Today we went to this place for a quick post lunch chit chat over a mug of beer. This may not be a very comprehensive review considering the nature of our visit but definitely more than a first impression. So first things first, this place is a microbrewery with a good lounge space. We ordered the beer testers (as it was our first time here) and finally settled for their wheat beer . We finally ended up repeating beer though our initial idea was just to have 1 beer. Anyways, beer was good and so was the service. We only ordered Nachos so nothing much to talk about food . One thing to mention is the location, metro construction is going on right in front of this place so looks little messy from outside. They have vallet parking for cars, bikers park on their own (space between footpath and the property wall). I would visit again for more detailed review but for now i can say it's a good place to hang out.4.0<>Biergarten is a microbrewery cum lounge which is quite located in the vicinity of the Whitefield. The ambience is great . Its very vibrant . The outdoor sitting arrangement gives a quite a refreshing experience, with the chilly breeze going past through. The food was good . I just loved grilled salmon salad . Gai yang is a good main course option who prefer a bit of oriental cuisine . The grilled chicken breast was bit bland and disappointing . The description of the dish in the menu doesn’t match with the actual one . It was too much of a cheese . The entire dish was a outburst of excess cheese . Other the starter were all good . It’s a good place to hangout and catch up with old school friends .5.0<>BIERGARTEN! When we enter its more like the Garden of Eden for alcoholics.  The ambience is just top class. Turquoise and white combined with the perfect lighting. Amazing!  We got our seats upstairs by the corner sofas. The music set the mood right away. Calvin Harris and most of the famous electronic music was playing in the background.  Interesting menu they've got. Beer lovers should surely try out their dark beers it's unlike other dark beers you get in most breweries. You hardly realise the bitterness as its masked by the other toffee like flavor.  And the wheat is good. Really good!  We also ordered Biergarten Tall Cocktails.  Charge Ice Tea. 5/5 It's a mix of redbul and ice team. This one just left me tipsy after just half a glass of it. Mixologist here are absolutely killing it. Never did I even get a hint of taste of alcohol while drinking it absolutely smooth and got me drunk like I was 3 drinks down..  Beach Ice Tea. 4/5 This one is quite good as well.  Wanted to try the Liquid Nitrogen Ice tea but they didn't have it available. Maybe next time!!  Coming to the starters. We ordered  Pepper Chicken Tikka. 5/5 I recommend everyone to definitely order this one. The best juicy and spicy chicken Tikka ever. We were literally fighting for the last piece on the plate. The chefs have absolutely nailed this dish in every way! A burst of flavors and the perfectly cooked juicy chicken when you eat just one bite..  Andhra Style Chilli Chicken. 1/5 Not gonna recommend this as it had only bones and hardly any meat. Its a waste to order it.  Biergarten Chicken Wings. 4/5 The wings were really good and spicy.  Also loved the service and the quick availability of staff always. We hardly had to wait like 10 mins to get our order even though the place was quite packed.  If you're in and around Whitefield area and lookin for a drink or a good place to hangout. This is the place. Look no further.5.0<>It is a huge place and open to the sky! There is a lot of greenery inside. It is absolutely an undoubted place to spend a quality evening. We had loaded cheese fries, tandoori paneer tikka, and nachos. All were awesome. The music was loud and good. You can dance on the beats near your seating spot. The services were quick and hospitable. The price is also reasonable compared to other pubs. One drawback is that it is very very crowded on weekends. But I guess every good thing comes with a price. Overall, a happening place for large group party lovers!4.0<>This place is located right at the main road that makes it all the more accessible. Visited here on a Saturday night. The ambience looked amazing with a DJ counter at the ground floor . Seatings we're available both at ground as well as first floor.  Food- ordered pepper chicken Tikka as starter. It was good in taste with the flavor of pepper very prominent. Wish it was lil more spices and had some toppings and veggies in there. Came across as lil blank or plain to me. Also ordered potato wedges that was in a great quantity.  Drinks- since this place claims to be a microbrewery, we ordered wheat beer and dark beer. Both the beers were amazing. Cheers to that. !  One major dissapoitment came when we got to know zomato gold is not available for that day due to some performance happening there that day. It should have been mentioned at the zomato.  Non the less , must try!4.0<>Located on the main road this place is easily reachable. Setup of the DJ and Bar counter and then the seating in between was nicely done. We ordered couple of cocktails and Beer , drinks are good . Food was really good especially the salads 👌 overall had a nice time here, service was decent.  Only problem we had is with the reception who are reluctant to provide a table on the 1st floor.  Must visit if you are around Whitefield✌️5.0<>We went on Saturday evening and was served by loki. He was very helpful and the food we ordered was feta and garlic mushroom, bacon coated prawn and Mediterranean lasagne. The taste was perfect and the music is killing. Loved music thnks to the dj.. would love to visit again5.0<>The services were quite good.. And coming to food nad drinks it was awesome.. Thanks Loki for the services. Must visit.. I tried Chilli drinks in many places but found it best over here4.0<>This is the place to be in on any given day. It has some of the best dishes you can try out. One the finest brew houses that I have been to. The food excellent and comes in hot on to the table. You have a very friendly staff who takes care of you all the way.  One needs to either carry a mosquito repellent or ask of a repellent coil to be placed under your table.  On some days the brew can get over quickly and I think they need to plan well so that the brew lasts till the place is closed for the night.  The music is good too, check for the special events and you might catch a good gig at this place.5.0<>We had gone here on Saturday and were lucky to find a place. It is a great place and the food is awesome. The theme of this restaurant is really good.5.0<>Goto place for anyone who wants to just sit back, listen to good music and drink good beer. Their wheat beer is excellent and a must have. So is their panfried noodles. This is a must visit around ITPL.4.0<>Loved the open air ambiance of this place. Green every where. Loved the music,food & beers. Happening place for party ideally for large groups.4.0<>Biergarten bas been famous for its drinks, but their food menu has gathered no less attention. Must try these, when you visit. I tried their Biergarten Chicken Wings. These fiery barbeque chicken wings are a signature specialty of this place. They were richly marinated in garlic and lemon and cooked till they turned juicy and tender! The paprika sauce served along with these wings brought the taste to another high!😋❤ The customer service was friendly. The prices are a bit on the higher end compared to the quantity served. The ambience is beautifully lit! Overall amazing place.  Follow @thefoodiecosmos for more💕  #thefoodiecosmos #food #foodporn #foodblogger #chicken #barbeque #wings #chickenwings #spicy #nonveg #bangalore #bengaluru #bangalorediaries #bangaloreblogger #nammabengaluru #bangalorefoodies5.0<>Deepak dabnath is outstanding in servecing....re osmded place😍 Pizza,butter chiken drink all were servered well....in Particular time..  No time lapsd5.0<>Awesome place with best food and best beer. The IPA and the Brown Ale were top notch and the food was excellent. The guy, Loki, serving us made sure that the service was top-notch!5.0<>Visited Bier Garten with not much of expectations, but turned out that the service was good. People out here are courteous. Suman specially had good knowledge of the food on offer and was quick to suggest items out of the exhaustive starters menu. Kudos to the team!!!5.0<>One of the more popular beer cafes of Bangalore - loved the ambience & the set-up  Good options on food apart from - of-course - the variety of spirits on offer. This is a good place to catch up with friends post a hard day at work & unwind.5.0<>Great place with wonderful ambience and helpful staff. Mr Tapan served with great delight and the food was too good. Looking forward to visit again .5.0<>Very friendly place. Great service. Thanks to Suman, who served us well. Great food, loved the ambience and desserts were the best. Had a great time.5.0<>Hand down to one of the most beautiful place in Whitefield🤙 The beautiful themed ambience grasps the attention clearly. We were welcomed by the staff very well and also given good suggestion to choose between the wide meal section. We ordered Fried Noodles in Soya bean sause and Prawn Ghee Roast. I was literally spellbound. My taste buds had never tried something soo exquisite before. Loki, who served us the dish, was very understanding to our needs and helped us well with our overall stay and parcel too😀 There's ample parking spot and easy to locate from Phoenix mall. Overall a must visit to people on a date or throwing a birthday bash because the place is huge to accomodate the crowd🥂4.0<>This place serves one of the best craft beers in Bangalore. Another perfect pub for a Saturday night. The ambience is very good. Apart from the booze their food is also very classy and tasty. It's a must visit place for craft beer lovers.4.0<>I went for a team lunch at this place. We had a prefixed menu with few items in each course.  We got the sofa area as the restaurant was almost empty on a Tuesday afternoon. We tried the following: 1. Veg starters had nachos, chilli cheese garlic toast, and tandoori paneer.  The first two were okay while the paneer was not. Most of the people didn't like it. 2. Non veg starters had chicken wings ( which were good), malai chicken tikka was too cold and didn't taste good. Fish fingers were okay, not great. We also tried Indiana pizza which was really weird. They should work on it. 3. Main course had dal makhani,rice,butter chicken, and kadhai paneer. I liked the dal makhani. The Butter chicken was okay. 4. Mocktails like guava chilli and blush on ice were good. 5. The desserts were delicious. Hot gulabjamun and chocolate redemption were tasty! This entire menu was priced at 1000 per person which I felt was expensive. They could increase the number of starters in this menu. We also ordered a couple of beers separately to go along with the food. The service is prompt and they served everything within time.1.0<>The place is really good. Even the food. However the one star rating is for the fact that we were not serviced even at the minimal level. First we were put up on corner most place which was more of a transit room for waiting parties. This happened despite doing a booking. Then every other group which came after us were alloted proper place in 1st floor or in the open area but we weren't . It was suffocating for us to even sustain at the alloted wait place which was near the kitchen. Worse experience for a customer. The experience deserved a zero star rating. Alas that's not possible on zomato.5.0<>Really good service!!!! Pepper chicken was really well cooked and the fish finger was delicious. IPA was really tasty Deepak you are the best :)4.0<>So it was my friends birthday and I was already super excited as it has 4.6 rating on zomato. This place not only comforts you with a breathtaking ambience but will serve you a mouthwatering good.  We had ordered chicken ghee roast, chilly mushroom, pasta, vodka, sample wines, chicken tikka pizza etc.  The waiter was very supportive and recommended us the best options.  All the above items are 4.5 rating.  A must visit place.  Loved all the drinks.  Cheers5.0<>Good ambiance, nice food, happening people. Must try rainbow shots here. The place is usually crowded during weekends. But still the service is quick.5.0<>Taste buds satisfaction Guaranteed!  We ordered some 10+ starters and there wasn’t a single item we could ignore. Just delicious 😋  A late review, so not sure of the names. But I can assure you that everything you order will be amazing. The nachos, vada Pav, paneer patakha, etc.  Had a bad throat, so didn’t try the beer. But give it a shot on my next visit 🍺🍺5.0<>One of the best places in Whitefield. The staff is very friendly and must visit place for craft beer lovers! Food- we had nachos and lamb shoulder both were amazing. Beverage- I had IPA which is really good. Will surely visit again.5.0<>Great place to hang out. Classy & Comfy ambience.  Tried normal LIIT (they don't have liquid nitrogen, don't worry seeing the menu) and some veg and non-veg starters. LIIT was great, one of the best I had from Bangalore. And starters were amazing. (Should try beer next time!)5.0<>Biergarten was a great experience and one of the best breweries in Bangalore. The Biergarten Chicken Wings were some of the best wings in the city and the Herbed Fish Fingers too was exquisite and the best way to start the meal. The German Sausage & Bacon Pizza and Pulled Polled Burger were also very tasty. The Nasy Goreng was a different experience but if you like Indonesian Flavors, you will surely like it. The server, Debosis was also extremely helpful and made the visit a memorable one. Definitely worth a visit if not more.4.5<>An amazing place. Awesome food. Love the nasi goreng and warm date and sticky toffee pudding. It's one of my favorite. Overall most of the food is dam good. So kudos to the chef and his team. One of the best collection of beer. Only one compliant is the service staff seem to get carried away talking amongst themselves and this is quiet annoying especially when u wanna order or re-order that is like a buzz kill. Other than that, it is one of my fav to go place for a drink and good food.4.0<>Loved the open air ambiance of this place. Green every where. Loved the music,food & beers. Happening place for party ideally for large groups.4.0<>Biergarten bas been famous for its drinks, but their food menu has gathered no less attention. Must try these, when you visit. I tried their Biergarten Chicken Wings. These fiery barbeque chicken wings are a signature specialty of this place. They were richly marinated in garlic and lemon and cooked till they turned juicy and tender! The paprika sauce served along with these wings brought the taste to another high!😋❤ The customer service was friendly. The prices are a bit on the higher end compared to the quantity served. The ambience is beautifully lit! Overall amazing place.  Follow @thefoodiecosmos for more💕  #thefoodiecosmos #food #foodporn #foodblogger #chicken #barbeque #wings #chickenwings #spicy #nonveg #bangalore #bengaluru #bangalorediaries #bangaloreblogger #nammabengaluru #bangalorefoodies5.0<>Deepak dabnath is outstanding in servecing....re osmded place😍 Pizza,butter chiken drink all were servered well....in Particular time..  No time lapsd5.0<>Awesome place with best food and best beer. The IPA and the Brown Ale were top notch and the food was excellent. The guy, Loki, serving us made sure that the service was top-notch!5.0<>Visited Bier Garten with not much of expectations, but turned out that the service was good. People out here are courteous. Suman specially had good knowledge of the food on offer and was quick to suggest items out of the exhaustive starters menu. Kudos to the team!!!5.0<>One of the more popular beer cafes of Bangalore - loved the ambience & the set-up  Good options on food apart from - of-course - the variety of spirits on offer. This is a good place to catch up with friends post a hard day at work & unwind.5.0<>Great place with wonderful ambience and helpful staff. Mr Tapan served with great delight and the food was too good. Looking forward to visit again .5.0<>Very friendly place. Great service. Thanks to Suman, who served us well. Great food, loved the ambience and desserts were the best. Had a great time.5.0<>Hand down to one of the most beautiful place in Whitefield🤙 The beautiful themed ambience grasps the attention clearly. We were welcomed by the staff very well and also given good suggestion to choose between the wide meal section. We ordered Fried Noodles in Soya bean sause and Prawn Ghee Roast. I was literally spellbound. My taste buds had never tried something soo exquisite before. Loki, who served us the dish, was very understanding to our needs and helped us well with our overall stay and parcel too😀 There's ample parking spot and easy to locate from Phoenix mall. Overall a must visit to people on a date or throwing a birthday bash because the place is huge to accomodate the crowd🥂4.0<>This place serves one of the best craft beers in Bangalore. Another perfect pub for a Saturday night. The ambience is very good. Apart from the booze their food is also very classy and tasty. It's a must visit place for craft beer lovers.4.0<>I went for a team lunch at this place. We had a prefixed menu with few items in each course.  We got the sofa area as the restaurant was almost empty on a Tuesday afternoon. We tried the following: 1. Veg starters had nachos, chilli cheese garlic toast, and tandoori paneer.  The first two were okay while the paneer was not. Most of the people didn't like it. 2. Non veg starters had chicken wings ( which were good), malai chicken tikka was too cold and didn't taste good. Fish fingers were okay, not great. We also tried Indiana pizza which was really weird. They should work on it. 3. Main course had dal makhani,rice,butter chicken, and kadhai paneer. I liked the dal makhani. The Butter chicken was okay. 4. Mocktails like guava chilli and blush on ice were good. 5. The desserts were delicious. Hot gulabjamun and chocolate redemption were tasty! This entire menu was priced at 1000 per person which I felt was expensive. They could increase the number of starters in this menu. We also ordered a couple of beers separately to go along with the food. The service is prompt and they served everything within time.1.0<>The place is really good. Even the food. However the one star rating is for the fact that we were not serviced even at the minimal level. First we were put up on corner most place which was more of a transit room for waiting parties. This happened despite doing a booking. Then every other group which came after us were alloted proper place in 1st floor or in the open area but we weren't . It was suffocating for us to even sustain at the alloted wait place which was near the kitchen. Worse experience for a customer. The experience deserved a zero star rating. Alas that's not possible on zomato.5.0<>Really good service!!!! Pepper chicken was really well cooked and the fish finger was delicious. IPA was really tasty Deepak you are the best :)4.0<>So it was my friends birthday and I was already super excited as it has 4.6 rating on zomato. This place not only comforts you with a breathtaking ambience but will serve you a mouthwatering good.  We had ordered chicken ghee roast, chilly mushroom, pasta, vodka, sample wines, chicken tikka pizza etc.  The waiter was very supportive and recommended us the best options.  All the above items are 4.5 rating.  A must visit place.  Loved all the drinks.  Cheers5.0<>Good ambiance, nice food, happening people. Must try rainbow shots here. The place is usually crowded during weekends. But still the service is quick.5.0<>Taste buds satisfaction Guaranteed!  We ordered some 10+ starters and there wasn’t a single item we could ignore. Just delicious 😋  A late review, so not sure of the names. But I can assure you that everything you order will be amazing. The nachos, vada Pav, paneer patakha, etc.  Had a bad throat, so didn’t try the beer. But give it a shot on my next visit 🍺🍺5.0<>One of the best places in Whitefield. The staff is very friendly and must visit place for craft beer lovers! Food- we had nachos and lamb shoulder both were amazing. Beverage- I had IPA which is really good. Will surely visit again.5.0<>Great place to hang out. Classy & Comfy ambience.  Tried normal LIIT (they don't have liquid nitrogen, don't worry seeing the menu) and some veg and non-veg starters. LIIT was great, one of the best I had from Bangalore. And starters were amazing. (Should try beer next time!)5.0<>Biergarten was a great experience and one of the best breweries in Bangalore. The Biergarten Chicken Wings were some of the best wings in the city and the Herbed Fish Fingers too was exquisite and the best way to start the meal. The German Sausage & Bacon Pizza and Pulled Polled Burger were also very tasty. The Nasy Goreng was a different experience but if you like Indonesian Flavors, you will surely like it. The server, Debosis was also extremely helpful and made the visit a memorable one. Definitely worth a visit if not more.4.5<>An amazing place. Awesome food. Love the nasi goreng and warm date and sticky toffee pudding. It's one of my favorite. Overall most of the food is dam good. So kudos to the chef and his team. One of the best collection of beer. Only one compliant is the service staff seem to get carried away talking amongst themselves and this is quiet annoying especially when u wanna order or re-order that is like a buzz kill. Other than that, it is one of my fav to go place for a drink and good food.4.0<>One of the nicest place to be in Whitefield.. the taste of beer was great and the ambience was also awesome. We tried malai chicken tikka which was ok ok and the pizza was great😋😍 . It was a Saturday night when we visited the place. The place was pretty much full but luckily we got a seat on first floor without any booking thanks to the friendly staffs🤗 . There was a projector where they were playing live football 😍😍. In starting they were playing English songs which was pretty boring but later they started playing Hindi songs which was just awesome.. if you are in Whitefield you can add the place to your wishlist 😁😁 . One area which I feel can be enhanced was waiter service. May be because we visited on Saturday night we had to wait a bit longer to hold of a waiter. . Food:3.5/5 Beer:5/5 Staff:4/5 Cost for 2 with beer: 20004.0<>Had been here once for new year Eve. This place was amazing. Food was delicious. Ambience is classy. Huge sitting area. Will give a try here sometime soon.5.0<>The atmosphere is completely LIT. Special Mention to DJ of Biergarten. We, three people, went to Biergarten on Saturday Night. This was my first brewery experience in bengaluru where I can say atmosphere is completely crazy and each person was dancing like there is no tomorrow. Hats off to the DJ Vipul. He really makes sure no person stops tapping his feet after just 1 or 2 songs. People start dancing around 10 and stop only when DJ stops i.e around 12. If you want to dance like crazy to the tunes of bollywood , English and Punjabi songs, you should definitely come here. Now coming to the food : It was great. We ordered Spring rolls ( filled with soya), loaded Nachos and Wheat Beer.   Ambience  : 5/5  Outlet Size/ Space : 5/5  Food : 4/5 Service : 3/5   Waiting line : 4/53.0<>Good Ambience and average food. Beer was good but not great. Quality and quantity of the food can be improved. Good to visit once. May not visit again.4.0<>We visited there with a group of friends. Its quite a lively place and ambiance is great. Some of the food and drinks we ordered were very good and some were average. Overall a nice place and an evening well spent.3.0<>Random plans and we landed up in the microbrewery in brookfield area. Nice music was being played at this place which was heating up the environment. The thing that I loved about this place is that they have long tables to sit so multiple groups can sit in a row on a single table this is basically done to avoid congestion for the people.  I ordered a mocktail with pineapple based which was decent enough along with that we ordered pepper chicken tikka which was cooked to perfection and the freshly ground pepper was adding up to the taste of the dish.   In maincourse we order crumb fried chicken fillet which were served with fries. The chicken seemed to be lost it taste as the batter over the chicken was very thick as compared to the thickness of the fillet used. This needs little improvement.  Overall a decent experience2.0<>Biergarten at whitefield serves great beer,but then you also have to deal with one of the worst staff (especially Dilip)ill mannered , arrogant and highly unprofessional.5.0<>Rajesh was very good in service.He was prompt & helped us a lot.would recommend this place again .absolutely nice atmosphere.loved it. awsome experiences2.0<>I had been here on a Friday evening, it was crowded still I managed to get a table(myself as there was no one to take orders or give me a table). As I reached here after 11.30pm, I didn't have much time. Food was good. You will find a lot of options when it comes to brewed beer. Ambience is nice and spacious. The only thing I didn't like is the behaviour of a waiter, I could have named him, but I don't want to. We had two bills, food and the drinks. He swiped extra amount for one of the bills by mistake or intentionally, I don't know, when I enquired he started banging on the table saying "you have to pay xxx amount", we never told told we are not paying, we just enquired, I don't know what was even the point in banging the table. When we complained this to the manager he started saying we misbehaved, and dragged him, which never happened, even the manager was not helpful in this case. Reading all the other reviews about the staff being courteous, I don't understand how did this happen. Even if I ignore this and I talk about the service, no one actually came to assign us a table or to take order, I had to walk to the bar counter to give order. I don't understand how is this place rated 4.7 with such pathetic service and arrogant staff.4.0<>Rooftop is always a big plus, this place has a great ambience. Went for a late Sunday brunch. Firstly they don’t have Sunday brunch buffets anymore, it’s only a la carte. Food was great, I loved their spring rolls and dumplings. Great brewery items too. Music won’t b there if u sit on rooftop, but overall our experience was good. Service can be improved.3.0<>Loved the ambience giving the lazing on the couch vibes. Coming to the food, we tried their chicken tikka which was okay. Corn starter which was again average. Nachos which could've been loaded with much more cheese. A vegetarian burger, the first one out of the two options they had on the menu. Again average. And 2 desserts - Caramel cake with ice cream and a toffee pudding. If you're not a fan of caramel then go with the other choice. Overall is was okay. Good for a one time visit.5.0<>This is a super amazing place. Amazing aura, magical music, tempting food and very friendly music. Nachos is a must have recommendation. This is a must to be in place if you are around here. Go get a grab of this place and you won't regret it. Cheers...4.0<>We went on a Saturday night. The place was jam packed and we got the sofa seating. No regrets as the live band were to perform. Only, this was not the best performances as told to us by regulars. The band played bollywood music and was quite avg and some songs were a strain to ears. Things got really better when they stopped and the lovely DJ mix took over. The open setup, dim lights made it easy for many to get up and groove. Enjoyed a lot.  Food - Good, nothing special for the cost. Drinks - They were quite miser in putting the right amount of alcohol in cocktails so yeah.  I might go again with friends, just for ambiance.  Much Thanks to Prasanjeet for taking the good care for us. 1 extra Star for him!3.0<>Amazing atmosphere and great beer. Loved the wheat beer. Service was decent. There was a real push to rate them and rate them high on Zomato. I would have liked the service to be a little better.3.0<>Food were awesome, specially the Pork Ribs which I have tried for the first time. Most recommended their brewed beers if you are bored marketed beer brands. Ambiance was little clumsy and smaller than the featured photos. No food serving which is disappointing. Overall experience was good.4.0<>Very nice place, rather only place where people can sit and chat alongside good mocktails in surrounding industrial area. They are famous for classic German wheat beers too. The weekend usually will be very crowded, no doubt they play have DJ too.4.0<>The finger food here is great. Try the German sausages and the non veg platter. What I really loved was the Salmon. The seating is what robs this place of another star. The best family tables are upstairs and they probably reserve it for their old corporate faithfuls, who would drink pitchers and pitchers.4.0<>Had been to this place for a get together, but grabbed my eye was their brew...I absolutely loved their beer...sadly they we're out of choice of beer but their brew otherwise...and the staff was very polite...3.0<>Ambience is great which really hype up this place. But service is too bad they dont even serve. Luckily got a place on sunday night. We ordered pork spare ribs which was very delicious and succulent one must try that. Secondly,we ordered biergarten chicken wings which was average. For beer we ordered two types one was the dark lager which really tasted like burnt caramel and other one was ipa which was bitter in taste. Lastly we had caipiroska.5.0<>All praises about this place it's heaven. First I'll have to mention how good our server DEBOSIS was, he served us well. We ordered wings and herbed fish for starters they tasted heavenly, bacon n sausage pizza, pulled pork burger, nasi goreng for mains. Nasi goreng tasted authentic everything was awesome.4.0<>One of the nicest place to be in Whitefield.. the taste of beer was great and the ambience was also awesome. We tried malai chicken tikka which was ok ok and the pizza was great😋😍 . It was a Saturday night when we visited the place. The place was pretty much full but luckily we got a seat on first floor without any booking thanks to the friendly staffs🤗 . There was a projector where they were playing live football 😍😍. In starting they were playing English songs which was pretty boring but later they started playing Hindi songs which was just awesome.. if you are in Whitefield you can add the place to your wishlist 😁😁 . One area which I feel can be enhanced was waiter service. May be because we visited on Saturday night we had to wait a bit longer to hold of a waiter. . Food:3.5/5 Beer:5/5 Staff:4/5 Cost for 2 with beer: 20004.0<>Had been here once for new year Eve. This place was amazing. Food was delicious. Ambience is classy. Huge sitting area. Will give a try here sometime soon.5.0<>The atmosphere is completely LIT. Special Mention to DJ of Biergarten. We, three people, went to Biergarten on Saturday Night. This was my first brewery experience in bengaluru where I can say atmosphere is completely crazy and each person was dancing like there is no tomorrow. Hats off to the DJ Vipul. He really makes sure no person stops tapping his feet after just 1 or 2 songs. People start dancing around 10 and stop only when DJ stops i.e around 12. If you want to dance like crazy to the tunes of bollywood , English and Punjabi songs, you should definitely come here. Now coming to the food : It was great. We ordered Spring rolls ( filled with soya), loaded Nachos and Wheat Beer.   Ambience  : 5/5  Outlet Size/ Space : 5/5  Food : 4/5 Service : 3/5   Waiting line : 4/53.0<>Good Ambience and average food. Beer was good but not great. Quality and quantity of the food can be improved. Good to visit once. May not visit again.4.0<>We visited there with a group of friends. Its quite a lively place and ambiance is great. Some of the food and drinks we ordered were very good and some were average. Overall a nice place and an evening well spent.3.0<>Random plans and we landed up in the microbrewery in brookfield area. Nice music was being played at this place which was heating up the environment. The thing that I loved about this place is that they have long tables to sit so multiple groups can sit in a row on a single table this is basically done to avoid congestion for the people.  I ordered a mocktail with pineapple based which was decent enough along with that we ordered pepper chicken tikka which was cooked to perfection and the freshly ground pepper was adding up to the taste of the dish.   In maincourse we order crumb fried chicken fillet which were served with fries. The chicken seemed to be lost it taste as the batter over the chicken was very thick as compared to the thickness of the fillet used. This needs little improvement.  Overall a decent experience2.0<>Biergarten at whitefield serves great beer,but then you also have to deal with one of the worst staff (especially Dilip)ill mannered , arrogant and highly unprofessional.5.0<>Rajesh was very good in service.He was prompt & helped us a lot.would recommend this place again .absolutely nice atmosphere.loved it. awsome experiences2.0<>I had been here on a Friday evening, it was crowded still I managed to get a table(myself as there was no one to take orders or give me a table). As I reached here after 11.30pm, I didn't have much time. Food was good. You will find a lot of options when it comes to brewed beer. Ambience is nice and spacious. The only thing I didn't like is the behaviour of a waiter, I could have named him, but I don't want to. We had two bills, food and the drinks. He swiped extra amount for one of the bills by mistake or intentionally, I don't know, when I enquired he started banging on the table saying "you have to pay xxx amount", we never told told we are not paying, we just enquired, I don't know what was even the point in banging the table. When we complained this to the manager he started saying we misbehaved, and dragged him, which never happened, even the manager was not helpful in this case. Reading all the other reviews about the staff being courteous, I don't understand how did this happen. Even if I ignore this and I talk about the service, no one actually came to assign us a table or to take order, I had to walk to the bar counter to give order. I don't understand how is this place rated 4.7 with such pathetic service and arrogant staff.4.0<>Rooftop is always a big plus, this place has a great ambience. Went for a late Sunday brunch. Firstly they don’t have Sunday brunch buffets anymore, it’s only a la carte. Food was great, I loved their spring rolls and dumplings. Great brewery items too. Music won’t b there if u sit on rooftop, but overall our experience was good. Service can be improved.3.0<>Loved the ambience giving the lazing on the couch vibes. Coming to the food, we tried their chicken tikka which was okay. Corn starter which was again average. Nachos which could've been loaded with much more cheese. A vegetarian burger, the first one out of the two options they had on the menu. Again average. And 2 desserts - Caramel cake with ice cream and a toffee pudding. If you're not a fan of caramel then go with the other choice. Overall is was okay. Good for a one time visit.5.0<>This is a super amazing place. Amazing aura, magical music, tempting food and very friendly music. Nachos is a must have recommendation. This is a must to be in place if you are around here. Go get a grab of this place and you won't regret it. Cheers...4.0<>We went on a Saturday night. The place was jam packed and we got the sofa seating. No regrets as the live band were to perform. Only, this was not the best performances as told to us by regulars. The band played bollywood music and was quite avg and some songs were a strain to ears. Things got really better when they stopped and the lovely DJ mix took over. The open setup, dim lights made it easy for many to get up and groove. Enjoyed a lot.  Food - Good, nothing special for the cost. Drinks - They were quite miser in putting the right amount of alcohol in cocktails so yeah.  I might go again with friends, just for ambiance.  Much Thanks to Prasanjeet for taking the good care for us. 1 extra Star for him!3.0<>Amazing atmosphere and great beer. Loved the wheat beer. Service was decent. There was a real push to rate them and rate them high on Zomato. I would have liked the service to be a little better.3.0<>Food were awesome, specially the Pork Ribs which I have tried for the first time. Most recommended their brewed beers if you are bored marketed beer brands. Ambiance was little clumsy and smaller than the featured photos. No food serving which is disappointing. Overall experience was good.4.0<>Very nice place, rather only place where people can sit and chat alongside good mocktails in surrounding industrial area. They are famous for classic German wheat beers too. The weekend usually will be very crowded, no doubt they play have DJ too.4.0<>The finger food here is great. Try the German sausages and the non veg platter. What I really loved was the Salmon. The seating is what robs this place of another star. The best family tables are upstairs and they probably reserve it for their old corporate faithfuls, who would drink pitchers and pitchers.4.0<>Had been to this place for a get together, but grabbed my eye was their brew...I absolutely loved their beer...sadly they we're out of choice of beer but their brew otherwise...and the staff was very polite...3.0<>Ambience is great which really hype up this place. But service is too bad they dont even serve. Luckily got a place on sunday night. We ordered pork spare ribs which was very delicious and succulent one must try that. Secondly,we ordered biergarten chicken wings which was average. For beer we ordered two types one was the dark lager which really tasted like burnt caramel and other one was ipa which was bitter in taste. Lastly we had caipiroska.5.0<>All praises about this place it's heaven. First I'll have to mention how good our server DEBOSIS was, he served us well. We ordered wings and herbed fish for starters they tasted heavenly, bacon n sausage pizza, pulled pork burger, nasi goreng for mains. Nasi goreng tasted authentic everything was awesome.4.0<>One of the nicest place to be in Whitefield.. the taste of beer was great and the ambience was also awesome. We tried malai chicken tikka which was ok ok and the pizza was great😋😍 . It was a Saturday night when we visited the place. The place was pretty much full but luckily we got a seat on first floor without any booking thanks to the friendly staffs🤗 . There was a projector where they were playing live football 😍😍. In starting they were playing English songs which was pretty boring but later they started playing Hindi songs which was just awesome.. if you are in Whitefield you can add the place to your wishlist 😁😁 . One area which I feel can be enhanced was waiter service. May be because we visited on Saturday night we had to wait a bit longer to hold of a waiter. . Food:3.5/5 Beer:5/5 Staff:4/5 Cost for 2 with beer: 20004.0<>Had been here once for new year Eve. This place was amazing. Food was delicious. Ambience is classy. Huge sitting area. Will give a try here sometime soon.5.0<>The atmosphere is completely LIT. Special Mention to DJ of Biergarten. We, three people, went to Biergarten on Saturday Night. This was my first brewery experience in bengaluru where I can say atmosphere is completely crazy and each person was dancing like there is no tomorrow. Hats off to the DJ Vipul. He really makes sure no person stops tapping his feet after just 1 or 2 songs. People start dancing around 10 and stop only when DJ stops i.e around 12. If you want to dance like crazy to the tunes of bollywood , English and Punjabi songs, you should definitely come here. Now coming to the food : It was great. We ordered Spring rolls ( filled with soya), loaded Nachos and Wheat Beer.   Ambience  : 5/5  Outlet Size/ Space : 5/5  Food : 4/5 Service : 3/5   Waiting line : 4/53.0<>Good Ambience and average food. Beer was good but not great. Quality and quantity of the food can be improved. Good to visit once. May not visit again.4.0<>We visited there with a group of friends. Its quite a lively place and ambiance is great. Some of the food and drinks we ordered were very good and some were average. Overall a nice place and an evening well spent.3.0<>Random plans and we landed up in the microbrewery in brookfield area. Nice music was being played at this place which was heating up the environment. The thing that I loved about this place is that they have long tables to sit so multiple groups can sit in a row on a single table this is basically done to avoid congestion for the people.  I ordered a mocktail with pineapple based which was decent enough along with that we ordered pepper chicken tikka which was cooked to perfection and the freshly ground pepper was adding up to the taste of the dish.   In maincourse we order crumb fried chicken fillet which were served with fries. The chicken seemed to be lost it taste as the batter over the chicken was very thick as compared to the thickness of the fillet used. This needs little improvement.  Overall a decent experience2.0<>Biergarten at whitefield serves great beer,but then you also have to deal with one of the worst staff (especially Dilip)ill mannered , arrogant and highly unprofessional.5.0<>Rajesh was very good in service.He was prompt & helped us a lot.would recommend this place again .absolutely nice atmosphere.loved it. awsome experiences2.0<>I had been here on a Friday evening, it was crowded still I managed to get a table(myself as there was no one to take orders or give me a table). As I reached here after 11.30pm, I didn't have much time. Food was good. You will find a lot of options when it comes to brewed beer. Ambience is nice and spacious. The only thing I didn't like is the behaviour of a waiter, I could have named him, but I don't want to. We had two bills, food and the drinks. He swiped extra amount for one of the bills by mistake or intentionally, I don't know, when I enquired he started banging on the table saying "you have to pay xxx amount", we never told told we are not paying, we just enquired, I don't know what was even the point in banging the table. When we complained this to the manager he started saying we misbehaved, and dragged him, which never happened, even the manager was not helpful in this case. Reading all the other reviews about the staff being courteous, I don't understand how did this happen. Even if I ignore this and I talk about the service, no one actually came to assign us a table or to take order, I had to walk to the bar counter to give order. I don't understand how is this place rated 4.7 with such pathetic service and arrogant staff.4.0<>Rooftop is always a big plus, this place has a great ambience. Went for a late Sunday brunch. Firstly they don’t have Sunday brunch buffets anymore, it’s only a la carte. Food was great, I loved their spring rolls and dumplings. Great brewery items too. Music won’t b there if u sit on rooftop, but overall our experience was good. Service can be improved.3.0<>Loved the ambience giving the lazing on the couch vibes. Coming to the food, we tried their chicken tikka which was okay. Corn starter which was again average. Nachos which could've been loaded with much more cheese. A vegetarian burger, the first one out of the two options they had on the menu. Again average. And 2 desserts - Caramel cake with ice cream and a toffee pudding. If you're not a fan of caramel then go with the other choice. Overall is was okay. Good for a one time visit.5.0<>This is a super amazing place. Amazing aura, magical music, tempting food and very friendly music. Nachos is a must have recommendation. This is a must to be in place if you are around here. Go get a grab of this place and you won't regret it. Cheers...4.0<>We went on a Saturday night. The place was jam packed and we got the sofa seating. No regrets as the live band were to perform. Only, this was not the best performances as told to us by regulars. The band played bollywood music and was quite avg and some songs were a strain to ears. Things got really better when they stopped and the lovely DJ mix took over. The open setup, dim lights made it easy for many to get up and groove. Enjoyed a lot.  Food - Good, nothing special for the cost. Drinks - They were quite miser in putting the right amount of alcohol in cocktails so yeah.  I might go again with friends, just for ambiance.  Much Thanks to Prasanjeet for taking the good care for us. 1 extra Star for him!3.0<>Amazing atmosphere and great beer. Loved the wheat beer. Service was decent. There was a real push to rate them and rate them high on Zomato. I would have liked the service to be a little better.3.0<>Food were awesome, specially the Pork Ribs which I have tried for the first time. Most recommended their brewed beers if you are bored marketed beer brands. Ambiance was little clumsy and smaller than the featured photos. No food serving which is disappointing. Overall experience was good.4.0<>Very nice place, rather only place where people can sit and chat alongside good mocktails in surrounding industrial area. They are famous for classic German wheat beers too. The weekend usually will be very crowded, no doubt they play have DJ too.4.0<>The finger food here is great. Try the German sausages and the non veg platter. What I really loved was the Salmon. The seating is what robs this place of another star. The best family tables are upstairs and they probably reserve it for their old corporate faithfuls, who would drink pitchers and pitchers.4.0<>Had been to this place for a get together, but grabbed my eye was their brew...I absolutely loved their beer...sadly they we're out of choice of beer but their brew otherwise...and the staff was very polite...3.0<>Ambience is great which really hype up this place. But service is too bad they dont even serve. Luckily got a place on sunday night. We ordered pork spare ribs which was very delicious and succulent one must try that. Secondly,we ordered biergarten chicken wings which was average. For beer we ordered two types one was the dark lager which really tasted like burnt caramel and other one was ipa which was bitter in taste. Lastly we had caipiroska.5.0<>All praises about this place it's heaven. First I'll have to mention how good our server DEBOSIS was, he served us well. We ordered wings and herbed fish for starters they tasted heavenly, bacon n sausage pizza, pulled pork burger, nasi goreng for mains. Nasi goreng tasted authentic everything was awesome.5.0<>Lovely place to be with a bunch of people. Nice ambience with tongue savouring fish dishes. Their must try would be rainbow shots as per me. Really loved it. Other drinks are pretty fine too. Kamikaze is another must try over here. The staff is quite helpful all the time and even though there are so many tables, they have one dedicated person to bring your stuff to you on time. Overall, a great place to visit with your friends and family too.4.0<>One of the best places in whitefield. This place always amaze you. The DJ is amazing. Foremost place it is! Obviously it is tough to get a place on weekends specifically, but it's worth waiting. The staff is super user friendly. A must visit place .5.0<>Came here again for a lovey night out.. Excellent service by Loki, amazing food and ambience.  Chicken items were top notch and the drinks were amazing.  Would definitely visit again..4.0<>|| Birthday Treat 2 ||  So its still my birthday week and the celebrations are on full swing. Went there yesterday night for my second treat.  Ambience/Music: I went totally awe with the ambience. It has open seating area. Its of 2 floors and where ever you sit you will for sure enjoy. The DJ was awesome. There was live cricket match screening going on. There is no dance floor but people were dancing all over the place which was actually very fascinating.  Staff/Service: The staff is superb here. One of the best staff services actually. Very polite. Very quick and prompt in their service.  Food/Beverages: We ordered Wheat Beer and Cosmopolitan in beverages. And both were amazing. The beer was very smooth. And it was one of the best Cosmopolitan I have ever tasted. We got complimentary Vodka Shots. In food we ordered Cripsy Fried Potato Wedges which was quite nice. Along with it Asian Chicken Noodles and Guoshao Chilli Chicken. Noodles were nice but the star of the show for me was the Chilli Chicken.  So overall its a must visit place in Whitefield to enjoy your weekend.  So why not a 5 star rating if I loved the place so much?? Because the place was over crowded. Even after booking our table in advance we had to wait for 15-20mins to actually get a place to sit.1.0<>Great atmosphere, excellent beer, average food but pathetic customer service .... they really don’t care about customers - may be they are overconfident of their footfall that makes them behave so . We landed up in Bier Garteb this Saturday - they gave us the seats on the bar counter with promise that they will put us in queue and inform us when tables gets vacant - 2 hours at the counter and they did not care ... we loved the Music and beer but wished this place had the concept of hospitality -4.0<>Been here for an office gathering, great beers with each one distinct to its taste.  the food is okish nothing so great, the chicken served was not fresh and when we did speak to the chef he was not ready to accept the fact.  Service is a bit slack for an afternoon lunch.5.0<>Must visit place for Craft Beer lovers. But even if you don't drink, this place has amazing dishes across a large range. The service is also prompt. Our server, Saroj was very attentive and helpful. Overall, a great place. Also, once we had not noticed a billing issue until the next day. Upon bringing it to their notice they arranged for a refund directly to our bank account. Kudos to Sreenath and the team for their effort and dedication. This is why I keep coming back!5.0<>Excellent time here!! Special thanks to Loki for being an excellent host .. looking forward to come here again.. great ambience and superb food. Enjoyed my evening!4.0<>Let's take up with ambiance i found it good they have organised place with smoking zone and non smoking zone but they have to little bit increases the level of it ....( Because people out there have came to hangout and person drinking will smoke there no one wants to leave there group stand and smoke ).  Food was good.... Taste was good .... Decent gathering evening should be besttime to visit..... Platter was good .... Beer taste was nice smooth..... Happy hours was till 7pm ... Overall it's a good place to have fun and hangout...2.0<>I never really understood why there is hype of this place because I found this place really average.  Went there on a Sunday afternoon , to have a few drinks and enjoy the weather. I ordered two cocktails Basil Bay and Passion princess.Dint like either of them. Basil bay dint have a hint of Basil(tasted more like a lemonade) and the PAssion princess dint seem to even have a touch of Passion fruit extract.  My friend ordered wheat beer  which too was nothing extraordinary or worth a praise.  Service was kinda okay.  I found this place overrated.4.0<>Looking out for a place to go for a Sunday brunch when you have random cravings could be quite confusing,But Biergarten has got it sorted for you. The unlimited veg/non veg brunch on Sunday is a bliss. The ambience is amazing ,staff is quite attentive although I found they were pretty nervous when the too much crowd gathered around the live counters.  The starters were amazing and I was soo full that in didn't pay much heed to main course. But the desserts were amazing. This deal is a total paisa vasool.5.0<>Service master Deepak has greeted with pleasent hospitality. Food is awesome and beer range are good. Recommend for party with friends. Nice experience4.0<>I’ll give the place full marks on Ambience and location!!!! Very open air feels and awesome music !!!!  Food is yum and beer is also fine!!! For the huge place it is I feel they can do a slight improvement on the brewed beer!!!! 🍻  The crowd is mad over the weekends and it’s overall an average place!!!