4.0<>Well this is a quite average place but has very good vibes if you happen to visit on a saturday night. The bollywood music collection would blow your mind. The ambiencr is great. The food is not that great. The beer is quite costly here i would say and they have limited or no offers. I was denied hukkah as i went ther at 11 at night. With Kunal Joshi4.0<>Located opposite to Orion a rooftop restaurant with outdoor seating creates a good ambience with great view just adds on to this place. A lively music with delicious food like Crispy Peri peri potato wedges, yummy Mexican taco and spicy pesto paneer tikka just lights up your evening. Penne amatricana pasta was good and tasty with good flavors. Overall a nice place to hangout and enjoy4.0<>Ambience of the restaurant is amazing. Top floor view is mesmerising. Environment was very energetic. Drinks and food was good. Chettinad chicken tikka was very spicy and tasty. The chicken lollipop was very crispy and juicy. But service is slow.4.0<>Amazing drink and nice place 🤩 name of the place is amazing jet lag 💤 so we don’t need to come out of this jet lag be there all time 👏🏻 food is delicious and ambience is good.. wish to visit again, as was in. Hurry could didn’t capture much because we had to shop 😋2.0<>It was a Saturday afternoon. Top most floor was full so we had to sit in the 1st floor. Service is pretty slow. Chicken starters were okay and fried corn was too good. Barbeque chicken pizza was too good. Ambience is great.4.0<>This place is opp to Sheraton. We went there to celebrate spinster party.. Talking about the ambience it was osm.. We had a great time..  Talking about food, it was good. We had drinks and ordered pizza ,nachos,Sriracha chilli paneer, sriracha chilli chicken..  Service was slow... Overall a nice place4.0<>Loved the ambience, fantastic crowd, music grows on you with time, staff is courteous and respond quickly too. However, food was a huge disappointment! Ordered tandoori prawns, mutton sheek kabab, mutton biryani, one mutton gravy with Kerala paratha. Tandoori prawns turned out to be pretty decent and the other dishes should be avoided. I would love to revisit the place, hoping for a better gourmet experience.4.0<>Awesome place to hangout. Enjoyed the day at JetLag and awesome view from the top floor. The DJ was nice and the cocktails were awesome . Food was yummy and the service was quick with decest crowd.5.0<>Amazing music, greeeeeaaaaaaat music, awesome vibes. And do try the pork! ❤️ Ask for Prasenjit for great personalised service! Thank u so much.3.0<>This place is situated right opposite to Sheraton and I would recommend to visit this place at evening. 🔸 Ambience-The roof top is the best place to book a table as the view is just spectacular. The staffs were very warm in greeting us. You can also get some great pictures at this place 😊. Coming to the menu they have a wide variety of dish and drinks. Few of the starters are not available from 3-5pm. Tried out their 🔸Mexican taco 🌮-spicy Mexican veggie stuffed in a crispy taco shell. This dish can be improved especially the stuffing. 🔸Trio chilli cheese on toast was impeccable. 🔸Fries- served in a cute bucket served with mayo. Yum. 🔸Nachos- it's the best snack food and I love nachos when it's overloaded but here the nachos were so disappointing. 🔸Garden fresh pizza🍕-Size of pizza is pretty good. The cheese and the toppings on this pizza will put your hunger pangs to rest. 🔸I also tried out their white and red sauce pasta. I'm a absolute sucker for white sauce pasta and I loved their penne Alfredo.💕 🔸 Coming to drinks I did not try out any of their alcohol in their menu but instead opted their teetotaler section😂🔸Oreo crush - pure indulgence would love to go back to this place just to have this XP 🔸Summer thirst-This drink was white refreshing and also has some cooling properties as it is a combination of tender coconut, litchi and cucumber. 😋So perfect . ✖️Service is quite slow. ❌No Zomato gold. ✔️Parking. ✔️Ambience is lit. ✔️Staffs-friendly.1.0<>First of all, it's the sadest food I ever had in Bengaluru. What I feel bad is in such a prime location they are serving worst food and badly decorated ambience. The music is too loud and not proper playlist. Floors are stinky and uncleaned. We ordered couple of things and none of it was ok. Soup was not cooked proper. Peanut masala did not had proper taste. Lotus stems did not had salt. Chicken kabab was not properly roasted. Nachos were soggy. Overall, it was super bad experience. We left the food as it is.2.0<>A very happening place with a beautiful view of Sheraton and WTC is the only best thing about this place. The food and the milkshakes tasted horrible and the service was very bad.4.0<>Funky name with an awsome ambience for party ! Jetlag is something unique in its name and ambience with good spreads.View from Jetlag is amazing as its very close to Orion Mall and Brigade Gateway.  It was X'mas brunch and the desserts were themed with good mix of Cocktails and Mocktail.Starters were pretty good (Chilly pork,Egg burrito,BBQ chilly Garlic prawns,Tandoori Veg skewers etc) and Main Course was above average especially Pulao,Mutton Biriyani,Fish Curry,Chef Special Chicken Curry )  There were lot of different varieties available and we tried almost all.Open space available and the atmosphere is  mindblowing here.  This is an happening place and best is for party and you can enjoy here with good food.  Note: Best place for Party .  Please check bio for Insta handle !  Ambience :5/5 Food :4/5 VFM: 4/54.0<>JETLAG a new themed restro -pub , in Bangalore, located just opposite Orion mall overlooking Brigade Gateway This place is just wow they have four floors which is fully themed as airport , seating and the place was fully decorated as the name given to the place , we friends decided to take rooftop as the Sunday brunch was available there ,must say this place was heaven the view of world trade centre Bangalore was so good everything seemed so great here ,place is so instagram friendly I promise each person can get a wonderful profile picture at this place ,Dj played a very loud music that added on more fun to our Sunday brunch 🖤 It was Christmas week so they had decorated the tree using beer bottle and the place was also looking red and white , all the bells ,gifts ,stars where used for decor .🎄🎅🏻🎁 Due to Christmas week food was also related to that only Menu for the day was :- Christmas brunch menu🎄 Coctails we had: -Cummins whiskey sour. -Infinity old fashioned. -Citrus love. -Summer pills. -Neutral moon. -Pinky gin. -Olive mojito.  Starters we had: -Tom lemongrass. -Citrus lentil. -Tandoori veg skeewers. -Spanish egg buritto. -Chilly pork. -BBQ chilli garlic prawns. -Red bull chicken wings.  Main course: -Chef special chicken curry. -Griller jalapeno chicken. -Goan fish curry. -Smoked palak paneer. -Mutton biryani. -pershawari pulao.  Desserts we had: Cheese cake, plum cakes and pastries.  Hence., I had a pleasant dining experience with food of the most exquisite flavours . Overall I like this place I highly recommend going to Jetlag (Suggestion) Do concrete upon service part they were bit slow , I understand it’s new place and workers are not used to the crown handling But please train the workers and staff to handle and maintain crowd  Do let us know how was your experience in comments 🙏🏻  Onelovefoodlove ratings : Food :- 4/5 Service :- 4/5 Ambience :- 5/5  For more recommendations In bangalore, you can follow our page @onelove_foodlove on instagram/ Facebook / Zomato.4.0<>The rooftop is the most amazing part of this place. Amazing lighting and the ambience on the rooftop. The service is prompt and the drinks are fine. Chettinad Chicken Tikka is absolutely superb.4.0<>The awesome rooftop bar cum restaurant is situated just opposite of Orion mall overlooking metro line and Sheraton grand. The view is awesome from top. The place is open air with a very minimum inside seating arrangement spread across two floors. Ambience is very relaxing. We went there for Sunday brunch. The food was good but  the ambience was a killer. I liked crispy chilli babycorns and spinach egg burrito. Rest of the starters were okeish. Salad spread was better than starters item and was nicely decorated. In main course I liked the chefs special chicken curry. I had it with steam rice. Grill jalapeno chicken could have been better. Chettinad style veg was good . I had the non veg version of it earlier. But i liked the spices of Chettinad veg. The Peshawari pulao was rich with dry fruits and artificial jafrani flavor. The Virgin mojito and Mangalorean ( mint and kokum punch in it) were good. Drinks were well presented and balanced good.2.0<>Seen so many positive reviews. Tried this place on Christmas. The place was evenly packed. Not too crowded. The rooftop is a better choice, I made the mistake of sitting on the first floor I suppose.  The nachos here are not great, hardly had any chicken in it. I have had better. They didn't have the drink I really liked on their menu and that was disappointing. Not sure why the staff on this floor were almost non responsive.  GREAT AMBIENCE.  Valet parking was pretty bad, a lot of us were waiting for 10mins and more after eating for our vehicle.  This place is overpriced even without alcohol and all. Didn't seem to think it was worth it. Maybe I chose the wrong day and wrong place to sit at. Maybe next time I'll have a better feedback, will edit it then.4.0<>My Experience with the Sunday Brunch is exceptional here at this new rooftop venue opposite Orion Mall overlooking Brigade Gateway and Sheraton Grand Rajajinagar. The suckling pig and the cold cuts were my appetisers to start with and the Turkey was my icing on the cake. I loved their Chilly Roast Pork with Vegetable Pulao and paired everything with my glass of Sparkling as is my fixation for.any Brunch invitation. I simply can not get over their awesome.views overlooking the Sheraton Grand and Brigade Gateway. Even if you do not eat here at all, cone here for simply the view. The rest will follow.4.0<>A good pub in the Malleswaram-Yeshwantpur area. The food is pretty good but the prices are on the higher side. The place is huge. Be prepared to wait for service. It has a nice view as well. Best for late evening parties5.0<>(4.5 stars) The new, upcoming place which is anticipated to be 'The next Happening place' around the area. The interiors are posh and similar to an airplane. It is spacious, well set up with comfortable seatings and the view of World Trade Center Bangalore steals the show.  After going through the Jetlag experience, considering the ambiance, service, music and of course the food, we would rate 4.5 (though there is room for improvements in food)  They have 2 indoor dinner, we chose the rooftop pub with dance floor. You can have food and Grove along. We won't say it is an pocket friendly place but it will not put a hole in the pocket too.  Coming to our review segment- food has mixed evaluation, where few dishes were good and few need improvements in certain aspects.  Our devour started with a mocktail which was a mix of Tropical dreamer and Summer thirsty. It was blend of coconut water, galangal and Kaffir lime (Thai). Unique, something new and surprisingly good. It might not be liked by others depending on your choice.  In appetizers Nachos and lotus stem crisps were nice, Tandoori Broccoli and Cauliflower, Paneer sauté needed some improvements and we discussed the same to the Chef who was polite enough to hear us. Spinach Mushrooms Triankles was a little of a disappointment. But their Sriracha Paneer was upto the mark. It was Soft, crisp and spicy as expected!  In main course, Veg garden Fresh thin crust pizza was a complete knock out. Ample veggies, the crust was crisp and not burnt. We had also ordered for Veg Biryani which turned out to be staggering! As vegetarians we are always fooled by Biryani outlets. But here the flavor, spices, taste and texture was overwhelming. It was like finding an Oasis in the desert.  Lastly the dessert, we tried all the desserts available in the menu and everything was delightful. We were not let down by any of the desserts. We danced at the DJ beats for some time as the place was lit by evening and jam-packed.  Do try this place and let us know your thoughts and feedbacks! Cheers!! #BurpOutLoudly5.0<>Jet Lag, a huge restrobar located right opposite Orion mall is a one stop joint for all your food cravings! This area didn't have many options and this is the answer to it. A huge place with 3 levels of seating with a beautiful view made it even better. They have a seating capacity of more than 200 pax and the service is fast and the staff are courteous. A wide options in the menu to choose from for both vegetarians and non vegetarians too.  We ordered a multi course meal In drinks we ordered multiple variants which included cocktails and mocktails -  1. Virgin Mojito (mocktail) 2. 2 Witches 3. Bitter Harvest 4. Captain Drink 5. Summer Thirsty 6. Cold coffee (mocktail) 7. Poppy (mocktail) Most of the drinks were unique and had the right mix of various fluids including the alcohol concentration. However, the poppy shake which was a popcorn milkshake could be improved as it was not tasting like a milkshake. However full marks to all the other drinks.  Soup 1.Tomato Lemon Grass - An aromatic soup with good amount of bread crumbs and the spices used was delicious that gave the right tomato flavor. 2.Asian clear glass noodle soup - A satisfactory soup! The quality of noodles used could be improved and boiled more.  Starters 1. Sriracha Chili Panneer - A spicy flavour added to the cottage cheese that tasted good. 2. Fried Lotus Stem - This was a good starter too! good amount of spices added and the curry leaves topped lotus stem was delicious. However would have liked it more crispier. 3. Tandoori broccoli - A famous starter here and was perfect! Char grilled broccoli with mint chutney was just amazing. 4. Malai Mushroom - Mushroom was soft and the quantity was quite big as well. Malai cream used was very good to top it up. 5. Veg Nachos: In house nachos with loads of cream and veggies was the perfect starter to go with the cocktails.  Main Course 1.Garden Fresh Pizza: A thin crust pizza with mozzarella cheese topped with fresh garden veggies and a pretty big one is definitely a must try here! Very fresh and the quality of cheese was outstanding. 2. Jeera rice - A typical home made style jeera rice here that goes well with dal tadka/dal fry. A very well prepared rice too! 3. Veg Biryani with raitha was outstanding here!  Desserts 1. Tres Leches 2. Jetlag special Banoffee pie 3. Tiramisu 4. Cheesecake All the deserts were delicious here! The best part was none of the deserts were too sweet which made it perfect.  Overall a great place to hangout with friends! The view makes it even more special. Would definitely visit this place again and recommend as well.  Ambiance - 5/5 Quality - 4.5/5 Quantity - 4.5/5 Taste - 4.5/5 Service - 5/5 Price - 4.5/55.0<>Woah!! This was my first reaction when I entered the place. The decor and the ambiance is lit!! Jetlag has three floors of seating, spacious and spectacular view of all the other things outside. Replicas of jets to make you a bit more high. This is a place for fantastic cocktails, the Barman really has magic in his hands. The Main Course and Desserts are the best here. Shorbas are classic and starters are decent.  Drinks, Virgin Mojito:The classic where Mojito is virgin. 2 Witches: Gin and Tonic are those Witches, bloody hell, they made a fantastic job by making it bitter in the throat Bitter Harvest: Yes it's bitter with Rum!! Bitterguard with rum infusion, Woah! That was really tasty and toxic. Captain Drink: Yes, really the Captain!! Whose ship is intoxicating. Bloody River: Beetroot shows the blood, beetroot and Tequila. This one is a signature, with lemon this was fantastic Summer Thirsty: Guess what, this is good too  Food, Soup Tomato Lemon Grass: this is only for lemon grass lovers since tomato is reluctant and lemon grass dominates. Asian clear glass noodle soup: Well!! One word about it, I loved this.  Starters Sriracha Chilli Panner: decent Fried Lotus Stem: Lotus Stem should have been a litte crunchy and not that hard, spice levels to be increased. Veg Nachos: Classic and awesome. Jumbo Grilled Prawns: Decent, prawn lovers can enjoy Chilli Crab Korean Chilli Wings: Nowadays, people are not making good wings, but Jetlag makes good ones. Achari Murg Tikka: Brought from the Tandoori!! Good earthen Flavour Assorted Veg Skewers: Good  Main Course Tandoori Do Phool: Chicken curry at its best. Peri peri Chicken: Seafood Kadai: Sea food lovers, here is your pick Jeera Rice: Garden Fresh Pizza: Pizza was extraordinary  Desserts Tres Leches: One of the bests in town Jetlag special Banoffee pie: Tiramisu: Decent here. Cheesecake: fantastic  Had a great time here Bon Appetit, Gha4.0<>Jetlag, Rajajinagar, Bangalore . This place opposite to World Trade Centre is definitely which will give you a great view from their 4th floor and terrace. . This place is lively, with good music and seating. . If looking for a combination of Good Food, Drinks and Hookah, this is one perfect place for that. . Bitter Harvest and Nok Air are the cocktails to try here. LIIT could have been better. . Fried Lotus stem, Mushroom, Achari Chicken Tikka are some amazing starters to order here. Again, Dal Makhni can be a little better. Service at this place can be improved. . This place is Recommended ! . With Love Thetechnifoodie4.0<>Jetlag, a airport-themed Gastro Pub which is a new pit stop for all clubbers and weekend party animals in West Bangalore. They serve some selected cuisines from all the parts of the world.  Ambiance: This place is being divided into 3 parts, Fine dining, Retro bar, and Rooftop Gastropub. The rooftop is got an amazing decor and a view of Sheraton and WTC. I had a weekend getaway to this place with a bunch of like-minded foodies.  Cocktail: Thanks to Mr. Ajesh the Mixologist who made my drink for is special creation Bitter Harvest. This is one crazy cocktail with white rum, Pineapple, basil leaves, and Bitter Gourd. I had the best drink ever. Even though I am not a fan of Bitter Gourd I never minded it to be part of my drink. Hats off Ajesh you pulled it perfect.  I also tried a refreshing mocktail Summer Thirsty which was quite refreshing, I loved the coconut and cucumber combination.  Food: I had Fried Lotus Stem - Crispy delicious Sweet and savory for the cocktails.  Mushroom Spinach Trainkles - Mushroom loaded with creamy spinach, I loved the combination.  Mexican Taco - the tacos were crispy, and the fillings were good. I loved the sour cream served with it.  Main Course: Dal Makhni and Butter Naan - that was a good meal we had. I loved the Dal Makhni, perfect for the place.  Hooka: I had double apple hooka which was amazing. If the service would have been faster the experience would have been great.  Dessert: I am a fan of Tiramisu and the tiramisu served here was good, I liked it but I felt the sweet bitter charm of proper tiramisu was missing.  Banana Flambe, which was a combination of Banana was Jack Danials, the dish is good but the chef needs to work on the dish more.  I would love to thank Chef Raj for serving such amazing dishes. I loved them all. The hooka, the drinks, great food, amazing music, and the ambiance just makes this place the best. I would recommend this place to all and I too would love to visit this place again.  Verdict:  Ambiance: 4/5  Service: 3/5  Food: 4/5  VFM: 4/5  Adios  Akhilesh Math  tantrumfits.com5.0<>Jetlag is a very nice Gastropub located at Rajajinagar. It has both indoor and outdoor seating.Rooftop avilable too.Great mindblowing ambience. View at night is very enjoyable.Very prompt service and nice hospitality.We visited on Friday evening and enjoyed lot. DJ Jeevan's bollywood Music was outstanding. Danced and had too much fun. Valet Parking available. Pricing is ok..not too high on pockets!! But the quality of food extraordinary.  Greenline Metro Accessibility there.Just opp tothe pub. Varietyof Cuisine available,Asian, Chinese, Continental, Fingerfood, North Indian, Italian, Japanese, Mediterranean.  We loved the food and drinks and enjoyed the Normal Hookha Pot Pan flavour.  Here goes the delicasies we enjoyed:  Drinks:  * Cold Coffee * Orange Virgin Mojito * Poppy  Soups:  *Tomato Lemon Grass *Asian Clear Glass Noodle Soup  Starters:  * Sriracha Chilli Paneer * Fried Lotus Stem * Mushroom Spinach Trainkles * Veg Nachos * Bharwan Kumbh * Assorted Veg Skewers * Tandoori Phool  Maincourse:  * Veg Biriyani.I highly recommend this. * Jeera rice * Garden Fresh Pizza  Desserts:  * TresLeches * Jetlag Special Banoffee Pie * Brownie * Tiramisu * Cheese Cake  Quality of food is high and total Satisfaction assured. Must visitplace.4.0<>Are you looking for one place where you get, Gastro pub, Fine dining and Roof top.? Then you have to stopover at JET LAG. Wow what a place. It has 4 floors and each floor has its own uniqueness.  The Roof top esp in the evening are mind boggling. It welcomes you with lively DJ music and lovely ambience with a view of WTC & The Sherton. Heard a lot about the food and drinks. Mentioned are few we ordered:  Starters: Lotus stem- crispy and good. Spinach trainkles- crusty and mouth watering Scampy with khimchi soya- good. Korean chilli wings- spicy Pork chops- little hard but nice taste Peanut masala schewan- not recomended. Chilli crab- zesty and nice Roti with Dal makhni- good choice inspite in a Pub.  Drinks we ordered for Bitter harvest, Summer thirsty & Caiprinha. All were soothing and matching with mood. Lastly ordered for Deserts- and my favorite was Flambè banana which was flamed with crusted sugar coating and Tiramisu which was infused with coffee-flavored Kahlua.  They have wallet parking. And prior appointments esp on weekends are recommended if not you have to wait for longer time.  I’m giving 4 ratings only because of waiting period and Zomato doesn’t have 4.5. If not everything were exceptional. Will mark this place for next get together esp to try their Hookas which I missed this time and recommend the west Bangaloreans clubbers to give a try!4.0<>A jet themed restro-pub,  at the heart of the North West part (malleshwaram-rajajinagar connector: sandal soap factory metro) of the city. Well, if you say about the location, it’s bang-on. Having Sheraton and World Trade Centre at the backdrop, overlooking the metro rail in the side, it cannot be better than this. Prime location to be specific.  About the property, It’s a huge multi-layered structure comprising of 3 floors each having its uniqueness in its decorum. High novelty decorum I would say, as these things you don’t come across not very frequently. (Come and explore, I’ll not reveal it here)  Now let’s quickly come to the point, food and beverages. Well, pretty good I would say. They have some amazing veg and non veg finger food to go with their brilliantly curated cocktail. Well, coming to the cocktail specifically, they have a few very unique items. I really liked Nok air and bitter harvest. Nok air tender coconut based cocktail, its very refreshing and bitter harvest is the best one, having a unique taste of bitter gourd, mixed with white rum and to adjust the bitterness they add pineapple and basil. Believe me, it’s not bitter. Try it. We tried Miss shalini, okiesh, but not great, so as Caipirinha.  Now coming to food,  We had for starters,  Veg: Fried Lotus Stems and Mushroom Spinach Trainkles , I loved the fried lotus stems, sweet and savory fried starters. Went really well with our drinks.  Non veg: Grilled beef with Yuzu butter sauce (high-calorie alert!), but as usual my favorite. Nicely done yuzu butter sauce was a surprise, it’s actually a wonderful symphony of lemon juice and melted butter. The Korean Chilli Wings was good but not that great, caramelised sugar made it slightly bitter in taste. The Achari Chicken Tikka had an interesting texture and flavor coming from the use of five spices. The Pork Chop I didn’t like at all, it was well done and bit hard to my liking. We didn’t have the mindset to try main course but yes, we tried daal makhni and naan. Daal makhni in a –pub you can’t expect to be great but they didn’t disappoint us. I liked Daal makhni. You can give it a shot.  Wherever I go, I never leave the opportunity to try out dessert. But, dessert at this place needs improvement. One star deduction is for it.   We had Banana Flambe, infusion of banana and jack daniels, well presented but tasted average, Tiramisu was too sweet.  Overall, delightful experience altogether,  will visit for more.   Cheers.5.0<>Jetlag - Wow what a place it just makes u feel that u are in abroad, the place interiors the staff, the DJ music food and drink along with crowd is extra ordinary  The best thing is it's just NXT to the NAMMA METRO station and while coming back because of Orion mall, railway station, sheraton, world trade centre and other prominent places CABS are available in just few seconds or mintues after 11pm or Metro before 11pm  I give 5stars for this place  We group of friends decided to try out this place and were extremely excited and happy, we danced,had good food and drinks.  We were happy with the DJ music and service of the staff, what we had and suggest you are as follows  Soups:-  * TOMATO LEMON GRASS * ASIAN CLEAR GLASS NOODLE SOUP  My rating 5out5  Mocktails / Cocktails :-  * COLD COFFEE * REDBULL BASE * POPPY * VIRGIN MOJITO * SIMBA WIT * TIPSY PILOTER WALA * WITCHES * BITTER HARVEST * THE CAPTAIN DRINK * BLOODY RIVER * SUMMER THIRSTY  My Rating 5out5  Starters :-  * SRIRACHA CHILLI PANEER * FRIED LOTUS STEM * MUSHROOM SPINACH TRAINKLES * VEG NACHOS * JUMBO GRILLED PRAWNS * CHILLI CRAB * KOREAN CHILLI WINGS * ACHARI MURG TIKKA * BHARAM KUMBH * VEG SKEWERS * TANDOORI DO POOL * PERI PERI CHICKEN * SEAFOOD KADHAI * GARDEN FRESH PIZZA  My rating 5out5  DESSERTS :-  * TRES LECHES * BANOFFEE PIE * BROWNIE * TIRAMISU * CHEESE CAKE  My rating 5 out 53.0<>Had ordered virgin mojito,crispy corn,white sauce pasta and chicken ghee roast.Compared to other similar place food was not up to the mark.The mojito was really bad and didn’t taste like the usual ones.The ghee roast was not cooked properly and had excess oil .   Ambiance was good and has got a good view of WTC.  Overall-3/52.0<>Sriracha Chilli Paneer: Chilli Paneer with the kick of sriracha was tasteful.  Mexican Tacos: The tacos were not flavourful. The only thing that I liked was the sour cream on top.  Fried Lotus Stem : Lotus Stem were not crispy and were very sweet.  Pizza: Apart from the pizza base there was nothing good.  Penne Amatriciana: Pasta in red sauce. The sauce was runny but the taste was fine.  Tropical Dreamer: The flavour as per menu were litchi, kaffira lime, orange and grape but I could taste only kaffira lime and sweet litchi.  The service was slow but the view was beautiful.  Overall: 2/51.0<>First of all, it's the sadest food I ever had in Bengaluru. What I feel bad is in such a prime location they are serving worst food and badly decorated ambience. The music is too loud and not proper playlist. Floors are stinky and uncleaned. We ordered couple of things and none of it was ok. Soup was not cooked proper. Peanut masala did not had proper taste. Lotus stems did not had salt. Chicken kabab was not properly roasted. Nachos were soggy. Overall, it was super bad experience. We left the food as it is.2.0<>A very happening place with a beautiful view of Sheraton and WTC is the only best thing about this place. The food and the milkshakes tasted horrible and the service was very bad.4.0<>Funky name with an awsome ambience for party ! Jetlag is something unique in its name and ambience with good spreads.View from Jetlag is amazing as its very close to Orion Mall and Brigade Gateway.  It was X'mas brunch and the desserts were themed with good mix of Cocktails and Mocktail.Starters were pretty good (Chilly pork,Egg burrito,BBQ chilly Garlic prawns,Tandoori Veg skewers etc) and Main Course was above average especially Pulao,Mutton Biriyani,Fish Curry,Chef Special Chicken Curry )  There were lot of different varieties available and we tried almost all.Open space available and the atmosphere is  mindblowing here.  This is an happening place and best is for party and you can enjoy here with good food.  Note: Best place for Party .  Please check bio for Insta handle !  Ambience :5/5 Food :4/5 VFM: 4/54.0<>JETLAG a new themed restro -pub , in Bangalore, located just opposite Orion mall overlooking Brigade Gateway This place is just wow they have four floors which is fully themed as airport , seating and the place was fully decorated as the name given to the place , we friends decided to take rooftop as the Sunday brunch was available there ,must say this place was heaven the view of world trade centre Bangalore was so good everything seemed so great here ,place is so instagram friendly I promise each person can get a wonderful profile picture at this place ,Dj played a very loud music that added on more fun to our Sunday brunch 🖤 It was Christmas week so they had decorated the tree using beer bottle and the place was also looking red and white , all the bells ,gifts ,stars where used for decor .🎄🎅🏻🎁 Due to Christmas week food was also related to that only Menu for the day was :- Christmas brunch menu🎄 Coctails we had: -Cummins whiskey sour. -Infinity old fashioned. -Citrus love. -Summer pills. -Neutral moon. -Pinky gin. -Olive mojito.  Starters we had: -Tom lemongrass. -Citrus lentil. -Tandoori veg skeewers. -Spanish egg buritto. -Chilly pork. -BBQ chilli garlic prawns. -Red bull chicken wings.  Main course: -Chef special chicken curry. -Griller jalapeno chicken. -Goan fish curry. -Smoked palak paneer. -Mutton biryani. -pershawari pulao.  Desserts we had: Cheese cake, plum cakes and pastries.  Hence., I had a pleasant dining experience with food of the most exquisite flavours . Overall I like this place I highly recommend going to Jetlag (Suggestion) Do concrete upon service part they were bit slow , I understand it’s new place and workers are not used to the crown handling But please train the workers and staff to handle and maintain crowd  Do let us know how was your experience in comments 🙏🏻  Onelovefoodlove ratings : Food :- 4/5 Service :- 4/5 Ambience :- 5/5  For more recommendations In bangalore, you can follow our page @onelove_foodlove on instagram/ Facebook / Zomato.4.0<>The rooftop is the most amazing part of this place. Amazing lighting and the ambience on the rooftop. The service is prompt and the drinks are fine. Chettinad Chicken Tikka is absolutely superb.4.0<>The awesome rooftop bar cum restaurant is situated just opposite of Orion mall overlooking metro line and Sheraton grand. The view is awesome from top. The place is open air with a very minimum inside seating arrangement spread across two floors. Ambience is very relaxing. We went there for Sunday brunch. The food was good but  the ambience was a killer. I liked crispy chilli babycorns and spinach egg burrito. Rest of the starters were okeish. Salad spread was better than starters item and was nicely decorated. In main course I liked the chefs special chicken curry. I had it with steam rice. Grill jalapeno chicken could have been better. Chettinad style veg was good . I had the non veg version of it earlier. But i liked the spices of Chettinad veg. The Peshawari pulao was rich with dry fruits and artificial jafrani flavor. The Virgin mojito and Mangalorean ( mint and kokum punch in it) were good. Drinks were well presented and balanced good.2.0<>Seen so many positive reviews. Tried this place on Christmas. The place was evenly packed. Not too crowded. The rooftop is a better choice, I made the mistake of sitting on the first floor I suppose.  The nachos here are not great, hardly had any chicken in it. I have had better. They didn't have the drink I really liked on their menu and that was disappointing. Not sure why the staff on this floor were almost non responsive.  GREAT AMBIENCE.  Valet parking was pretty bad, a lot of us were waiting for 10mins and more after eating for our vehicle.  This place is overpriced even without alcohol and all. Didn't seem to think it was worth it. Maybe I chose the wrong day and wrong place to sit at. Maybe next time I'll have a better feedback, will edit it then.4.0<>My Experience with the Sunday Brunch is exceptional here at this new rooftop venue opposite Orion Mall overlooking Brigade Gateway and Sheraton Grand Rajajinagar. The suckling pig and the cold cuts were my appetisers to start with and the Turkey was my icing on the cake. I loved their Chilly Roast Pork with Vegetable Pulao and paired everything with my glass of Sparkling as is my fixation for.any Brunch invitation. I simply can not get over their awesome.views overlooking the Sheraton Grand and Brigade Gateway. Even if you do not eat here at all, cone here for simply the view. The rest will follow.4.0<>A good pub in the Malleswaram-Yeshwantpur area. The food is pretty good but the prices are on the higher side. The place is huge. Be prepared to wait for service. It has a nice view as well. Best for late evening parties5.0<>(4.5 stars) The new, upcoming place which is anticipated to be 'The next Happening place' around the area. The interiors are posh and similar to an airplane. It is spacious, well set up with comfortable seatings and the view of World Trade Center Bangalore steals the show.  After going through the Jetlag experience, considering the ambiance, service, music and of course the food, we would rate 4.5 (though there is room for improvements in food)  They have 2 indoor dinner, we chose the rooftop pub with dance floor. You can have food and Grove along. We won't say it is an pocket friendly place but it will not put a hole in the pocket too.  Coming to our review segment- food has mixed evaluation, where few dishes were good and few need improvements in certain aspects.  Our devour started with a mocktail which was a mix of Tropical dreamer and Summer thirsty. It was blend of coconut water, galangal and Kaffir lime (Thai). Unique, something new and surprisingly good. It might not be liked by others depending on your choice.  In appetizers Nachos and lotus stem crisps were nice, Tandoori Broccoli and Cauliflower, Paneer sauté needed some improvements and we discussed the same to the Chef who was polite enough to hear us. Spinach Mushrooms Triankles was a little of a disappointment. But their Sriracha Paneer was upto the mark. It was Soft, crisp and spicy as expected!  In main course, Veg garden Fresh thin crust pizza was a complete knock out. Ample veggies, the crust was crisp and not burnt. We had also ordered for Veg Biryani which turned out to be staggering! As vegetarians we are always fooled by Biryani outlets. But here the flavor, spices, taste and texture was overwhelming. It was like finding an Oasis in the desert.  Lastly the dessert, we tried all the desserts available in the menu and everything was delightful. We were not let down by any of the desserts. We danced at the DJ beats for some time as the place was lit by evening and jam-packed.  Do try this place and let us know your thoughts and feedbacks! Cheers!! #BurpOutLoudly5.0<>Jet Lag, a huge restrobar located right opposite Orion mall is a one stop joint for all your food cravings! This area didn't have many options and this is the answer to it. A huge place with 3 levels of seating with a beautiful view made it even better. They have a seating capacity of more than 200 pax and the service is fast and the staff are courteous. A wide options in the menu to choose from for both vegetarians and non vegetarians too.  We ordered a multi course meal In drinks we ordered multiple variants which included cocktails and mocktails -  1. Virgin Mojito (mocktail) 2. 2 Witches 3. Bitter Harvest 4. Captain Drink 5. Summer Thirsty 6. Cold coffee (mocktail) 7. Poppy (mocktail) Most of the drinks were unique and had the right mix of various fluids including the alcohol concentration. However, the poppy shake which was a popcorn milkshake could be improved as it was not tasting like a milkshake. However full marks to all the other drinks.  Soup 1.Tomato Lemon Grass - An aromatic soup with good amount of bread crumbs and the spices used was delicious that gave the right tomato flavor. 2.Asian clear glass noodle soup - A satisfactory soup! The quality of noodles used could be improved and boiled more.  Starters 1. Sriracha Chili Panneer - A spicy flavour added to the cottage cheese that tasted good. 2. Fried Lotus Stem - This was a good starter too! good amount of spices added and the curry leaves topped lotus stem was delicious. However would have liked it more crispier. 3. Tandoori broccoli - A famous starter here and was perfect! Char grilled broccoli with mint chutney was just amazing. 4. Malai Mushroom - Mushroom was soft and the quantity was quite big as well. Malai cream used was very good to top it up. 5. Veg Nachos: In house nachos with loads of cream and veggies was the perfect starter to go with the cocktails.  Main Course 1.Garden Fresh Pizza: A thin crust pizza with mozzarella cheese topped with fresh garden veggies and a pretty big one is definitely a must try here! Very fresh and the quality of cheese was outstanding. 2. Jeera rice - A typical home made style jeera rice here that goes well with dal tadka/dal fry. A very well prepared rice too! 3. Veg Biryani with raitha was outstanding here!  Desserts 1. Tres Leches 2. Jetlag special Banoffee pie 3. Tiramisu 4. Cheesecake All the deserts were delicious here! The best part was none of the deserts were too sweet which made it perfect.  Overall a great place to hangout with friends! The view makes it even more special. Would definitely visit this place again and recommend as well.  Ambiance - 5/5 Quality - 4.5/5 Quantity - 4.5/5 Taste - 4.5/5 Service - 5/5 Price - 4.5/55.0<>Woah!! This was my first reaction when I entered the place. The decor and the ambiance is lit!! Jetlag has three floors of seating, spacious and spectacular view of all the other things outside. Replicas of jets to make you a bit more high. This is a place for fantastic cocktails, the Barman really has magic in his hands. The Main Course and Desserts are the best here. Shorbas are classic and starters are decent.  Drinks, Virgin Mojito:The classic where Mojito is virgin. 2 Witches: Gin and Tonic are those Witches, bloody hell, they made a fantastic job by making it bitter in the throat Bitter Harvest: Yes it's bitter with Rum!! Bitterguard with rum infusion, Woah! That was really tasty and toxic. Captain Drink: Yes, really the Captain!! Whose ship is intoxicating. Bloody River: Beetroot shows the blood, beetroot and Tequila. This one is a signature, with lemon this was fantastic Summer Thirsty: Guess what, this is good too  Food, Soup Tomato Lemon Grass: this is only for lemon grass lovers since tomato is reluctant and lemon grass dominates. Asian clear glass noodle soup: Well!! One word about it, I loved this.  Starters Sriracha Chilli Panner: decent Fried Lotus Stem: Lotus Stem should have been a litte crunchy and not that hard, spice levels to be increased. Veg Nachos: Classic and awesome. Jumbo Grilled Prawns: Decent, prawn lovers can enjoy Chilli Crab Korean Chilli Wings: Nowadays, people are not making good wings, but Jetlag makes good ones. Achari Murg Tikka: Brought from the Tandoori!! Good earthen Flavour Assorted Veg Skewers: Good  Main Course Tandoori Do Phool: Chicken curry at its best. Peri peri Chicken: Seafood Kadai: Sea food lovers, here is your pick Jeera Rice: Garden Fresh Pizza: Pizza was extraordinary  Desserts Tres Leches: One of the bests in town Jetlag special Banoffee pie: Tiramisu: Decent here. Cheesecake: fantastic  Had a great time here Bon Appetit, Gha4.0<>Jetlag, Rajajinagar, Bangalore . This place opposite to World Trade Centre is definitely which will give you a great view from their 4th floor and terrace. . This place is lively, with good music and seating. . If looking for a combination of Good Food, Drinks and Hookah, this is one perfect place for that. . Bitter Harvest and Nok Air are the cocktails to try here. LIIT could have been better. . Fried Lotus stem, Mushroom, Achari Chicken Tikka are some amazing starters to order here. Again, Dal Makhni can be a little better. Service at this place can be improved. . This place is Recommended ! . With Love Thetechnifoodie4.0<>Jetlag, a airport-themed Gastro Pub which is a new pit stop for all clubbers and weekend party animals in West Bangalore. They serve some selected cuisines from all the parts of the world.  Ambiance: This place is being divided into 3 parts, Fine dining, Retro bar, and Rooftop Gastropub. The rooftop is got an amazing decor and a view of Sheraton and WTC. I had a weekend getaway to this place with a bunch of like-minded foodies.  Cocktail: Thanks to Mr. Ajesh the Mixologist who made my drink for is special creation Bitter Harvest. This is one crazy cocktail with white rum, Pineapple, basil leaves, and Bitter Gourd. I had the best drink ever. Even though I am not a fan of Bitter Gourd I never minded it to be part of my drink. Hats off Ajesh you pulled it perfect.  I also tried a refreshing mocktail Summer Thirsty which was quite refreshing, I loved the coconut and cucumber combination.  Food: I had Fried Lotus Stem - Crispy delicious Sweet and savory for the cocktails.  Mushroom Spinach Trainkles - Mushroom loaded with creamy spinach, I loved the combination.  Mexican Taco - the tacos were crispy, and the fillings were good. I loved the sour cream served with it.  Main Course: Dal Makhni and Butter Naan - that was a good meal we had. I loved the Dal Makhni, perfect for the place.  Hooka: I had double apple hooka which was amazing. If the service would have been faster the experience would have been great.  Dessert: I am a fan of Tiramisu and the tiramisu served here was good, I liked it but I felt the sweet bitter charm of proper tiramisu was missing.  Banana Flambe, which was a combination of Banana was Jack Danials, the dish is good but the chef needs to work on the dish more.  I would love to thank Chef Raj for serving such amazing dishes. I loved them all. The hooka, the drinks, great food, amazing music, and the ambiance just makes this place the best. I would recommend this place to all and I too would love to visit this place again.  Verdict:  Ambiance: 4/5  Service: 3/5  Food: 4/5  VFM: 4/5  Adios  Akhilesh Math  tantrumfits.com5.0<>Jetlag is a very nice Gastropub located at Rajajinagar. It has both indoor and outdoor seating.Rooftop avilable too.Great mindblowing ambience. View at night is very enjoyable.Very prompt service and nice hospitality.We visited on Friday evening and enjoyed lot. DJ Jeevan's bollywood Music was outstanding. Danced and had too much fun. Valet Parking available. Pricing is ok..not too high on pockets!! But the quality of food extraordinary.  Greenline Metro Accessibility there.Just opp tothe pub. Varietyof Cuisine available,Asian, Chinese, Continental, Fingerfood, North Indian, Italian, Japanese, Mediterranean.  We loved the food and drinks and enjoyed the Normal Hookha Pot Pan flavour.  Here goes the delicasies we enjoyed:  Drinks:  * Cold Coffee * Orange Virgin Mojito * Poppy  Soups:  *Tomato Lemon Grass *Asian Clear Glass Noodle Soup  Starters:  * Sriracha Chilli Paneer * Fried Lotus Stem * Mushroom Spinach Trainkles * Veg Nachos * Bharwan Kumbh * Assorted Veg Skewers * Tandoori Phool  Maincourse:  * Veg Biriyani.I highly recommend this. * Jeera rice * Garden Fresh Pizza  Desserts:  * TresLeches * Jetlag Special Banoffee Pie * Brownie * Tiramisu * Cheese Cake  Quality of food is high and total Satisfaction assured. Must visitplace.4.0<>Are you looking for one place where you get, Gastro pub, Fine dining and Roof top.? Then you have to stopover at JET LAG. Wow what a place. It has 4 floors and each floor has its own uniqueness.  The Roof top esp in the evening are mind boggling. It welcomes you with lively DJ music and lovely ambience with a view of WTC & The Sherton. Heard a lot about the food and drinks. Mentioned are few we ordered:  Starters: Lotus stem- crispy and good. Spinach trainkles- crusty and mouth watering Scampy with khimchi soya- good. Korean chilli wings- spicy Pork chops- little hard but nice taste Peanut masala schewan- not recomended. Chilli crab- zesty and nice Roti with Dal makhni- good choice inspite in a Pub.  Drinks we ordered for Bitter harvest, Summer thirsty & Caiprinha. All were soothing and matching with mood. Lastly ordered for Deserts- and my favorite was Flambè banana which was flamed with crusted sugar coating and Tiramisu which was infused with coffee-flavored Kahlua.  They have wallet parking. And prior appointments esp on weekends are recommended if not you have to wait for longer time.  I’m giving 4 ratings only because of waiting period and Zomato doesn’t have 4.5. If not everything were exceptional. Will mark this place for next get together esp to try their Hookas which I missed this time and recommend the west Bangaloreans clubbers to give a try!4.0<>A jet themed restro-pub,  at the heart of the North West part (malleshwaram-rajajinagar connector: sandal soap factory metro) of the city. Well, if you say about the location, it’s bang-on. Having Sheraton and World Trade Centre at the backdrop, overlooking the metro rail in the side, it cannot be better than this. Prime location to be specific.  About the property, It’s a huge multi-layered structure comprising of 3 floors each having its uniqueness in its decorum. High novelty decorum I would say, as these things you don’t come across not very frequently. (Come and explore, I’ll not reveal it here)  Now let’s quickly come to the point, food and beverages. Well, pretty good I would say. They have some amazing veg and non veg finger food to go with their brilliantly curated cocktail. Well, coming to the cocktail specifically, they have a few very unique items. I really liked Nok air and bitter harvest. Nok air tender coconut based cocktail, its very refreshing and bitter harvest is the best one, having a unique taste of bitter gourd, mixed with white rum and to adjust the bitterness they add pineapple and basil. Believe me, it’s not bitter. Try it. We tried Miss shalini, okiesh, but not great, so as Caipirinha.  Now coming to food,  We had for starters,  Veg: Fried Lotus Stems and Mushroom Spinach Trainkles , I loved the fried lotus stems, sweet and savory fried starters. Went really well with our drinks.  Non veg: Grilled beef with Yuzu butter sauce (high-calorie alert!), but as usual my favorite. Nicely done yuzu butter sauce was a surprise, it’s actually a wonderful symphony of lemon juice and melted butter. The Korean Chilli Wings was good but not that great, caramelised sugar made it slightly bitter in taste. The Achari Chicken Tikka had an interesting texture and flavor coming from the use of five spices. The Pork Chop I didn’t like at all, it was well done and bit hard to my liking. We didn’t have the mindset to try main course but yes, we tried daal makhni and naan. Daal makhni in a –pub you can’t expect to be great but they didn’t disappoint us. I liked Daal makhni. You can give it a shot.  Wherever I go, I never leave the opportunity to try out dessert. But, dessert at this place needs improvement. One star deduction is for it.   We had Banana Flambe, infusion of banana and jack daniels, well presented but tasted average, Tiramisu was too sweet.  Overall, delightful experience altogether,  will visit for more.   Cheers.5.0<>Jetlag - Wow what a place it just makes u feel that u are in abroad, the place interiors the staff, the DJ music food and drink along with crowd is extra ordinary  The best thing is it's just NXT to the NAMMA METRO station and while coming back because of Orion mall, railway station, sheraton, world trade centre and other prominent places CABS are available in just few seconds or mintues after 11pm or Metro before 11pm  I give 5stars for this place  We group of friends decided to try out this place and were extremely excited and happy, we danced,had good food and drinks.  We were happy with the DJ music and service of the staff, what we had and suggest you are as follows  Soups:-  * TOMATO LEMON GRASS * ASIAN CLEAR GLASS NOODLE SOUP  My rating 5out5  Mocktails / Cocktails :-  * COLD COFFEE * REDBULL BASE * POPPY * VIRGIN MOJITO * SIMBA WIT * TIPSY PILOTER WALA * WITCHES * BITTER HARVEST * THE CAPTAIN DRINK * BLOODY RIVER * SUMMER THIRSTY  My Rating 5out5  Starters :-  * SRIRACHA CHILLI PANEER * FRIED LOTUS STEM * MUSHROOM SPINACH TRAINKLES * VEG NACHOS * JUMBO GRILLED PRAWNS * CHILLI CRAB * KOREAN CHILLI WINGS * ACHARI MURG TIKKA * BHARAM KUMBH * VEG SKEWERS * TANDOORI DO POOL * PERI PERI CHICKEN * SEAFOOD KADHAI * GARDEN FRESH PIZZA  My rating 5out5  DESSERTS :-  * TRES LECHES * BANOFFEE PIE * BROWNIE * TIRAMISU * CHEESE CAKE  My rating 5 out 53.0<>Had ordered virgin mojito,crispy corn,white sauce pasta and chicken ghee roast.Compared to other similar place food was not up to the mark.The mojito was really bad and didn’t taste like the usual ones.The ghee roast was not cooked properly and had excess oil .   Ambiance was good and has got a good view of WTC.  Overall-3/52.0<>Sriracha Chilli Paneer: Chilli Paneer with the kick of sriracha was tasteful.  Mexican Tacos: The tacos were not flavourful. The only thing that I liked was the sour cream on top.  Fried Lotus Stem : Lotus Stem were not crispy and were very sweet.  Pizza: Apart from the pizza base there was nothing good.  Penne Amatriciana: Pasta in red sauce. The sauce was runny but the taste was fine.  Tropical Dreamer: The flavour as per menu were litchi, kaffira lime, orange and grape but I could taste only kaffira lime and sweet litchi.  The service was slow but the view was beautiful.  Overall: 2/54.0<>Was here on a weekday with foodie friends.  Lovely vibe this place has. Solid dhinchak Hindi music playing in the background and lovely food and drinks in front of you. What else does a beautiful evening require.  I arrived here at around 8pm on a Friday evening And the place was jam packed !  We started ordering our food and drinks. And OMG when the food arrived we started hogging.  Started with veg mushroom and broccoli. Both were exceptionally good and tasted very flavourful.  Also had the nachos and corn in the veg. Also tried a katori dish- which had mushroom filling. The taste was maintained throughout our meal. Every dish was flavourful and light.  Also tried the BBQ wings and prawns in non veg starters. They tasted amazing. Also loved the crab starter to the power of infinity. The crab is a must try here. The heat of the chillies and tender meat with the juicy shell was all one can ask for in a perfect dish.  Also tried the sea food main course. This was decent enough but didn't wow me.  Then came the best part - the desserts. The brownie and banoffee pie was next level.  Also the tiramisu and cheesecake we're beautifully plated and tasted great.  One crazy experience at this place. Head here to enjoy a great ambience and lovely food.  .4.5<>Its quirky name and a spectacular view from this place, brought me here! Was here for lunch on a Saturday afternoon. To my surprise they were also serving so we got ourselves one of that! For food we got the sriracha chilly paneer, fries and a pizza. I must say , by far I've had the best paneer chilly here! The pizza was amazing too. The staff was extremely friendly and served our order real quick despite the place being crowded. Overall, I'd give a 4.5 for this place.5.0<>Great place , beautifully organised ambience . Good food , good staff . Had a really good time. Worth the pay and time. Containing 3 storeys, the roof top is the best. Since I had been in the afternoon it was not opened yet.4.0<>This Jet-themed restro-puto opposite to Orion Mall in Rajajinagar is one of its kind in this part of the city. Spread across four floors with amazing rooftop and terrace in the top two floors this place surely has some incredible ambience and view. The World Trade Centre and Sheraton buildings look incredible in the night from Jetlag. The decors are extremely futuristic. Yesterday went there with friends to spend the Saturday night. They have some wonderful bar bites along with cool innovative and classic cocktails. Chef Raj and mixologist Ajeesh helped us a lot in selecting our food and drinks. Since, this place is new, big and pretty understaffed expect to have an extremely slow service.  I tried a few of their cocktails. The Caipirinha was not up to the mark, it lacked the taste a Caipirinha has. Two cocktails I really liked was the Bitter Harvest and Nok Air. The Bitter Harvest being a refreshing white rum-based cocktail with basil, pineapple and bitter gourd. You won't feel much bitterness from the bitter gourd, the basil and the pineapple flavours mellows it down. Nok Air was my personal favourite. Another refreshing white rum-based drink with tender coconut water, pineapple infused with kaffir lime and galangal.   Now, coming to the food. I like the couple of veg starters that we ordered - Fried Lotus Stems and Mushroom Spinach Trainkles. Grilled Beef with Yuzu Butter Sauce was my favourite dish among all. Slices of grilled beef medium done, served with a wonderful yuzu butter which had a thick texture and a nice citrusy flavour. I even used the yuzu butter to further enhance the taste of the pan seared Scampi with Kimchi Soya - another dish I liked a lot. The Korean Chilli Wings had mixed response from us, some didn't like the bitter aftertaste from the caramelised brown sugar. But nonetheless, the taste was interesting. The Achari Chicken Tikka had an interesting flavour coming from the use of Panch Foron. The Pork Chop was decent, but a little well-done. I would have preferred something more medium-done. The Chilli Crab was too hot for me. One of us had cravings for Dal Makhani, so we tasted that as well with Butter Naan. Nothing special, it does a pretty good job considering it is a Pub(not where people go to have their Dal Makhani usually).  The desserts were pretty average. I liked the Banana Flambe (must try if you like bananas), but the Tiramisù was too sweet. I could not get any feel of coffee from it either. Overall, it is a place with amazing ambience and views with decent food and drinks, but the desserts let us down.4.0<>Rooftop places aren't that common in this part of the town. Jetlag is a value addition in the otherwise dull neighborhood. Spread across 4 floors the place has a KILLER view and ambience. The DJ also does an incredible job in keeping the crowd up on their toes with his peppy playlist. We were here on a Friday night and had a really good time. Looking at the ambience I feel, the place would also look even more amazing in daylight, very Insta friendly.  Now coming to the food, the place has some decent options in starters (veg and non veg inclusive). There's quite a lot to choose from - Chinese, Indian (Grills, Tandoor, Sizzlers etc). I would recommend the KOREAN CHILLIE WINGS, CHILLI CRAB, ACHARI MURGH TIKKA, GRILLED PRAWNS amongst others. For the vegetarians SRIRACHA PANEER & MUSHROOM SPINACH TRAINKLES are quite good. For me, the star item would be the Crab and the Chicken wings. It's actually hard to find good crab dishes in a pub, there was less of crab though. The Korean Chicken Wings had a nice sweet and spicy balance. Even the Prawns and Murgh Tikka were quite appetising. Prawns were fresh and had a nice marination. I had high expectations from the WHISKEY RUBBED PORK CHOPS but found them quite average. I mean they weren't different from the regular ones.  They have few interesting concoctions for cocktails as well. My heart goes out for the BITTER HARVEST which had a unique combination of white rum, pineapple and bitter gourd. I mean karela in a cocktail, that's a first for me. The TIPSY PILOTER WALA (tequila based), CAPTAIN DRINK (whiskey based), WITCHES (classic gin&tonic with galangal) are few other options to choose from. The whiskey one had a nice fennel -ish aftertaste which I loved.  Speaking of the main course, the place has limited options. We decided to stick to the basic - pizzas. We tried PERI PERI CHICKEN PIZZA and the GARDEN FRESH one from veg. Thin crust pizzas, surprisingly the veg was better than the non veg. We also tried the ASSORTED VEG SKEWERS and SEAFOOD KADHAI. The calamaris in the Seafood Kadhai were too rubbery for my liking.  We sealed the deal with TIRAMISU, TRES LECHES and BANOFEE PIE. Desserts were quite average, tiramisu was a bit sweet for my palate.  One MAJOR CONCERN however was the service. Extremely slow. I felt the place is a bit understaffed with respect to the huge space. We had to repeatedly keep asking for the food. The starters took almost 45 mins to arrive. And by the time the food came, we were almost half way through our drinks. They seriously need to up their service. However, it was nice interacting with the chef Mr.Raj.  Overall, Jetlag is a place with an astounding vibe. Perfect place to unwind with your squad, also suitable for large groups. Starters and cocktails are decent. Service needs a massive improvement. The place has potential. Good luck to the team :)  Bon Appetit !5.0<>An amazing place with good food,music and drinks.Jet lag is in a prime location just opposite Orion mall and the place is absolutely beautiful...a very nice place to party with friends...The food is pretty expensive but it's worth it the roof top is the best place to sit with a nice view of the city and the world trade center...I Highly recommend this place. Hats off to the staff who was very polite.A must visit place.😉3.0<>Amazing ambience. Sat on the 4th floor. Biggest drawback being the service time. Our order was taken after 15 mins and when we wanted to repeat the order, no one was around. Ordered beer, nachos and crispy corn. Food preparation time is less so that's a good sign. Crispy corn came with whole peppercorns in them so that bite of peppercorn was kind of a mood buster.3.0<>Food - 2/5 Ambience - 4/5 Service - 3/5 Cost - 3/5 Great ambience and location which is only let down by the not so tasty and pricey menu. Service is always delayed or maybe it is that way on the weekends that I’ve usually been to this place. A little effort from the chef and the whole team should turn this place around.4.0<>Jetlag is spread over many floors and each floor has a different theme which looks great but the rooftop has the best view and so we chose to be seated there !! The staff are courteous but disoriented.. They take forever to even take an order.. The drinks are great !! We tried their pizza and stuffed chicken which tasted really good .. The banofee pie to our surprise has been the best we have had so far !! Full marks to the ambience and food !! But they need to really work on managing the crowd and have to train their staff well or else their jet will lag behind!!2.0<>Food:2/5 Ambience:4/5 Service:2/5 This a brand new restaurant which has opened up in Rajajinagar. I had heard a lot about this restaurant. There are a various couzines on the menu . I got; 💥Crispy corn 💥Fried lotus stem 💥Garden Fresh Pizza 💥Jet Lag Veg club sandwich 💥Cheese Cake It took forever for the food to come(almost an hour ) The crispy corn was really bland it had absolutely no seasoning. The fried lotus stem was probably the only dish I liked. The garden fresh pizza was okay not that great . The jet lag club sandwich was filled with only cheese couldn’t taste anything else. The cheese cake costing almost 400rupees I would expect it to be fresh or in a pretty decent quality but it was such a small piece of cake and you could tell by tasting it that it was definitely not fresh .3.0<>This is one amazing place which has started recently and is known for a crazy decor!!  I had been here on a weekend evening and I must say that even though it’s started recently and not a renowned place there was a decent crowd. I ordered a Oreo milkshake and a cold coffee along with crispy corn, mushroom starter and a dessert (Tiramisu).  Crispy corn : This starter was just like the barbeque corn starter with more chillies, onions and some bell peppers in it. It wasn’t too oily or spicy and was just perfectly blended with salt and chilli.  Mushroom starter : I quite did not like the dish as the spinach and mushroom paste which was on the tartlet didn’t make a good combination and tasted a bit different.  Oreo milkshake : This was just like the milkshake in any other place, too cold, creamy, chocolatey, just the right taste which I had a craving for.  Cold coffee : This is again a very delicious drink presented in a very nice manner as well. It had a very strong coffee flavour which I absolutely loved to bits!!  Tiramisu : God this was just heavenly!! The cake was so damn smooth just a whisk was sufficient!! Coffee, Vanilla and chocolate all in one and what can anyone else ask for!??  We had ordered a pizza, after about half an hour we got to know that pizza was not available at all and the staff who took the order didn’t mention this and we waited thinking we will get our pizza in sometime, this was a real turn off along with some loud music:(  Ambience - 4/5 Pricing - 4/5 Taste - 3.5/54.0<>Very very nice place to visit, liked the roof top experience of the restaurant, well made ambience, excellent taste of food, liked the way of fusion, service is pretty slow but was worth a wait. Definitely recommended3.0<>The ambience is quite nice. Went here on a Saturday and they did not have half the items on the menu. The Peri Peri chicken pizza was tasty . The chicken ghee roast was not that great.4.0<>If you want amazing photos with a beautiful background to load your instagram profile , this place is the one. Right in the centre of popular area, very close to Orion mall, and has the best ambience when compared to all the outlets in this area. There are three floors,  each floor with a different theme.  There is a selfie spot above all these floors arranged for the visitors, just to click loads of pics covering the sheratons, orion mall and Bangalore's beauty.  Coming to service, the hospitality is great. They describe you every dish and the specialty of the place. It would be good to reserve the table before ending up here as the place is trending and is crowded.   The food part is where the team can actually improve. They do have huge variety in the drinks section and the cocktails are great. The main course and rice side have very less options and the taste is average. Starters are great though which is preferred by most of the visitors. They also have pizza's on great demand. The price however is on the greater side for the taste of the food taken into consideration.   Overall :  Ambience : 4.5/5 Hospitality : 4/5 Food : 3/5 Cost : 3/54.0<>The roof top is incredible.the food quality is wonderful. Also the service is nice as it's is very prompt..must try the pepper chicken n all the decor are incredibly Worth talking pic of..the view from the top floor is like you are in a foreign country..as the WTC and shereton hotel just live up to the expectation. Shusmita served me well.4.0<>An open spaced place with an amazing view. Food: isn't that great but still is a must try, atleast for the place. Ambience: on the 4th floor, it's windy and nice for a hot cuppa coffee! Service: a little too slow but the staff is kind and polite. They have an open bar too and it's definitely a place for a good, romantic dinner. A date spot!5.0<>To begin with, Jet Lag stands at heart of Rajajinagar and they serve all types of culinary Dining Experience. the view from the top floor is so exquisite that it begs you to get a seat near the roof top that overlook the entire Ooru. One of the many things that make this place stand out from every other dining place in North Banglore ,this is an amazing experience in itself , Ambiance- Jetlag introduces the first jet concept themed restobar in Bangalore , which have 4 different concept of seating 1 Jet Lag Jet 2 BbQ 3 Hunters and the last Sky Top All the floor have food and beverage service which makes your dining experience much better. As I visited on weekdays so the delivery of food and beverage was on time. Service 5/5 Ambiance 5/5 Choice of Veg 4/5 Value for money 5/5  however, comes at a cost but trust me, it is way more worth the money as the experience is next to nothing.5.0<>Nice ambiance every floor has different ambiance. Lovely food with great service. Spl thanks too Mr. Prem, abishek and Manish. Must visit. 😍😍😍😍😍3.0<>Services are quite poor...till you go and call someone for a table noone bothers to respond. You can wait for whole night and expect noone coming to help you out. After you somehow get a place, you have to run and catch he of the waiter or you can wait whole night. The quantity of food is not at all reasonable with the pricing and the quality/taste is also not that great. It's a good place to stand and take selfie considering the background is good for the same.4.0<>Nice place to have a lunch out with friends. Service was good and so was the food. Ambiance was also nice and we all had a good time. Excellent place to get high and njoy north Indian delicacies. Definitely would recommend it to friends.4.0<>Was here on a weekday with foodie friends.  Lovely vibe this place has. Solid dhinchak Hindi music playing in the background and lovely food and drinks in front of you. What else does a beautiful evening require.  I arrived here at around 8pm on a Friday evening And the place was jam packed !  We started ordering our food and drinks. And OMG when the food arrived we started hogging.  Started with veg mushroom and broccoli. Both were exceptionally good and tasted very flavourful.  Also had the nachos and corn in the veg. Also tried a katori dish- which had mushroom filling. The taste was maintained throughout our meal. Every dish was flavourful and light.  Also tried the BBQ wings and prawns in non veg starters. They tasted amazing. Also loved the crab starter to the power of infinity. The crab is a must try here. The heat of the chillies and tender meat with the juicy shell was all one can ask for in a perfect dish.  Also tried the sea food main course. This was decent enough but didn't wow me.  Then came the best part - the desserts. The brownie and banoffee pie was next level.  Also the tiramisu and cheesecake we're beautifully plated and tasted great.  One crazy experience at this place. Head here to enjoy a great ambience and lovely food.  .4.5<>Its quirky name and a spectacular view from this place, brought me here! Was here for lunch on a Saturday afternoon. To my surprise they were also serving so we got ourselves one of that! For food we got the sriracha chilly paneer, fries and a pizza. I must say , by far I've had the best paneer chilly here! The pizza was amazing too. The staff was extremely friendly and served our order real quick despite the place being crowded. Overall, I'd give a 4.5 for this place.5.0<>Great place , beautifully organised ambience . Good food , good staff . Had a really good time. Worth the pay and time. Containing 3 storeys, the roof top is the best. Since I had been in the afternoon it was not opened yet.4.0<>This Jet-themed restro-puto opposite to Orion Mall in Rajajinagar is one of its kind in this part of the city. Spread across four floors with amazing rooftop and terrace in the top two floors this place surely has some incredible ambience and view. The World Trade Centre and Sheraton buildings look incredible in the night from Jetlag. The decors are extremely futuristic. Yesterday went there with friends to spend the Saturday night. They have some wonderful bar bites along with cool innovative and classic cocktails. Chef Raj and mixologist Ajeesh helped us a lot in selecting our food and drinks. Since, this place is new, big and pretty understaffed expect to have an extremely slow service.  I tried a few of their cocktails. The Caipirinha was not up to the mark, it lacked the taste a Caipirinha has. Two cocktails I really liked was the Bitter Harvest and Nok Air. The Bitter Harvest being a refreshing white rum-based cocktail with basil, pineapple and bitter gourd. You won't feel much bitterness from the bitter gourd, the basil and the pineapple flavours mellows it down. Nok Air was my personal favourite. Another refreshing white rum-based drink with tender coconut water, pineapple infused with kaffir lime and galangal.   Now, coming to the food. I like the couple of veg starters that we ordered - Fried Lotus Stems and Mushroom Spinach Trainkles. Grilled Beef with Yuzu Butter Sauce was my favourite dish among all. Slices of grilled beef medium done, served with a wonderful yuzu butter which had a thick texture and a nice citrusy flavour. I even used the yuzu butter to further enhance the taste of the pan seared Scampi with Kimchi Soya - another dish I liked a lot. The Korean Chilli Wings had mixed response from us, some didn't like the bitter aftertaste from the caramelised brown sugar. But nonetheless, the taste was interesting. The Achari Chicken Tikka had an interesting flavour coming from the use of Panch Foron. The Pork Chop was decent, but a little well-done. I would have preferred something more medium-done. The Chilli Crab was too hot for me. One of us had cravings for Dal Makhani, so we tasted that as well with Butter Naan. Nothing special, it does a pretty good job considering it is a Pub(not where people go to have their Dal Makhani usually).  The desserts were pretty average. I liked the Banana Flambe (must try if you like bananas), but the Tiramisù was too sweet. I could not get any feel of coffee from it either. Overall, it is a place with amazing ambience and views with decent food and drinks, but the desserts let us down.4.0<>Rooftop places aren't that common in this part of the town. Jetlag is a value addition in the otherwise dull neighborhood. Spread across 4 floors the place has a KILLER view and ambience. The DJ also does an incredible job in keeping the crowd up on their toes with his peppy playlist. We were here on a Friday night and had a really good time. Looking at the ambience I feel, the place would also look even more amazing in daylight, very Insta friendly.  Now coming to the food, the place has some decent options in starters (veg and non veg inclusive). There's quite a lot to choose from - Chinese, Indian (Grills, Tandoor, Sizzlers etc). I would recommend the KOREAN CHILLIE WINGS, CHILLI CRAB, ACHARI MURGH TIKKA, GRILLED PRAWNS amongst others. For the vegetarians SRIRACHA PANEER & MUSHROOM SPINACH TRAINKLES are quite good. For me, the star item would be the Crab and the Chicken wings. It's actually hard to find good crab dishes in a pub, there was less of crab though. The Korean Chicken Wings had a nice sweet and spicy balance. Even the Prawns and Murgh Tikka were quite appetising. Prawns were fresh and had a nice marination. I had high expectations from the WHISKEY RUBBED PORK CHOPS but found them quite average. I mean they weren't different from the regular ones.  They have few interesting concoctions for cocktails as well. My heart goes out for the BITTER HARVEST which had a unique combination of white rum, pineapple and bitter gourd. I mean karela in a cocktail, that's a first for me. The TIPSY PILOTER WALA (tequila based), CAPTAIN DRINK (whiskey based), WITCHES (classic gin&tonic with galangal) are few other options to choose from. The whiskey one had a nice fennel -ish aftertaste which I loved.  Speaking of the main course, the place has limited options. We decided to stick to the basic - pizzas. We tried PERI PERI CHICKEN PIZZA and the GARDEN FRESH one from veg. Thin crust pizzas, surprisingly the veg was better than the non veg. We also tried the ASSORTED VEG SKEWERS and SEAFOOD KADHAI. The calamaris in the Seafood Kadhai were too rubbery for my liking.  We sealed the deal with TIRAMISU, TRES LECHES and BANOFEE PIE. Desserts were quite average, tiramisu was a bit sweet for my palate.  One MAJOR CONCERN however was the service. Extremely slow. I felt the place is a bit understaffed with respect to the huge space. We had to repeatedly keep asking for the food. The starters took almost 45 mins to arrive. And by the time the food came, we were almost half way through our drinks. They seriously need to up their service. However, it was nice interacting with the chef Mr.Raj.  Overall, Jetlag is a place with an astounding vibe. Perfect place to unwind with your squad, also suitable for large groups. Starters and cocktails are decent. Service needs a massive improvement. The place has potential. Good luck to the team :)  Bon Appetit !5.0<>An amazing place with good food,music and drinks.Jet lag is in a prime location just opposite Orion mall and the place is absolutely beautiful...a very nice place to party with friends...The food is pretty expensive but it's worth it the roof top is the best place to sit with a nice view of the city and the world trade center...I Highly recommend this place. Hats off to the staff who was very polite.A must visit place.😉3.0<>Amazing ambience. Sat on the 4th floor. Biggest drawback being the service time. Our order was taken after 15 mins and when we wanted to repeat the order, no one was around. Ordered beer, nachos and crispy corn. Food preparation time is less so that's a good sign. Crispy corn came with whole peppercorns in them so that bite of peppercorn was kind of a mood buster.3.0<>Food - 2/5 Ambience - 4/5 Service - 3/5 Cost - 3/5 Great ambience and location which is only let down by the not so tasty and pricey menu. Service is always delayed or maybe it is that way on the weekends that I’ve usually been to this place. A little effort from the chef and the whole team should turn this place around.4.0<>Jetlag is spread over many floors and each floor has a different theme which looks great but the rooftop has the best view and so we chose to be seated there !! The staff are courteous but disoriented.. They take forever to even take an order.. The drinks are great !! We tried their pizza and stuffed chicken which tasted really good .. The banofee pie to our surprise has been the best we have had so far !! Full marks to the ambience and food !! But they need to really work on managing the crowd and have to train their staff well or else their jet will lag behind!!2.0<>Food:2/5 Ambience:4/5 Service:2/5 This a brand new restaurant which has opened up in Rajajinagar. I had heard a lot about this restaurant. There are a various couzines on the menu . I got; 💥Crispy corn 💥Fried lotus stem 💥Garden Fresh Pizza 💥Jet Lag Veg club sandwich 💥Cheese Cake It took forever for the food to come(almost an hour ) The crispy corn was really bland it had absolutely no seasoning. The fried lotus stem was probably the only dish I liked. The garden fresh pizza was okay not that great . The jet lag club sandwich was filled with only cheese couldn’t taste anything else. The cheese cake costing almost 400rupees I would expect it to be fresh or in a pretty decent quality but it was such a small piece of cake and you could tell by tasting it that it was definitely not fresh .3.0<>This is one amazing place which has started recently and is known for a crazy decor!!  I had been here on a weekend evening and I must say that even though it’s started recently and not a renowned place there was a decent crowd. I ordered a Oreo milkshake and a cold coffee along with crispy corn, mushroom starter and a dessert (Tiramisu).  Crispy corn : This starter was just like the barbeque corn starter with more chillies, onions and some bell peppers in it. It wasn’t too oily or spicy and was just perfectly blended with salt and chilli.  Mushroom starter : I quite did not like the dish as the spinach and mushroom paste which was on the tartlet didn’t make a good combination and tasted a bit different.  Oreo milkshake : This was just like the milkshake in any other place, too cold, creamy, chocolatey, just the right taste which I had a craving for.  Cold coffee : This is again a very delicious drink presented in a very nice manner as well. It had a very strong coffee flavour which I absolutely loved to bits!!  Tiramisu : God this was just heavenly!! The cake was so damn smooth just a whisk was sufficient!! Coffee, Vanilla and chocolate all in one and what can anyone else ask for!??  We had ordered a pizza, after about half an hour we got to know that pizza was not available at all and the staff who took the order didn’t mention this and we waited thinking we will get our pizza in sometime, this was a real turn off along with some loud music:(  Ambience - 4/5 Pricing - 4/5 Taste - 3.5/54.0<>Very very nice place to visit, liked the roof top experience of the restaurant, well made ambience, excellent taste of food, liked the way of fusion, service is pretty slow but was worth a wait. Definitely recommended3.0<>The ambience is quite nice. Went here on a Saturday and they did not have half the items on the menu. The Peri Peri chicken pizza was tasty . The chicken ghee roast was not that great.4.0<>If you want amazing photos with a beautiful background to load your instagram profile , this place is the one. Right in the centre of popular area, very close to Orion mall, and has the best ambience when compared to all the outlets in this area. There are three floors,  each floor with a different theme.  There is a selfie spot above all these floors arranged for the visitors, just to click loads of pics covering the sheratons, orion mall and Bangalore's beauty.  Coming to service, the hospitality is great. They describe you every dish and the specialty of the place. It would be good to reserve the table before ending up here as the place is trending and is crowded.   The food part is where the team can actually improve. They do have huge variety in the drinks section and the cocktails are great. The main course and rice side have very less options and the taste is average. Starters are great though which is preferred by most of the visitors. They also have pizza's on great demand. The price however is on the greater side for the taste of the food taken into consideration.   Overall :  Ambience : 4.5/5 Hospitality : 4/5 Food : 3/5 Cost : 3/54.0<>The roof top is incredible.the food quality is wonderful. Also the service is nice as it's is very prompt..must try the pepper chicken n all the decor are incredibly Worth talking pic of..the view from the top floor is like you are in a foreign country..as the WTC and shereton hotel just live up to the expectation. Shusmita served me well.4.0<>An open spaced place with an amazing view. Food: isn't that great but still is a must try, atleast for the place. Ambience: on the 4th floor, it's windy and nice for a hot cuppa coffee! Service: a little too slow but the staff is kind and polite. They have an open bar too and it's definitely a place for a good, romantic dinner. A date spot!5.0<>To begin with, Jet Lag stands at heart of Rajajinagar and they serve all types of culinary Dining Experience. the view from the top floor is so exquisite that it begs you to get a seat near the roof top that overlook the entire Ooru. One of the many things that make this place stand out from every other dining place in North Banglore ,this is an amazing experience in itself , Ambiance- Jetlag introduces the first jet concept themed restobar in Bangalore , which have 4 different concept of seating 1 Jet Lag Jet 2 BbQ 3 Hunters and the last Sky Top All the floor have food and beverage service which makes your dining experience much better. As I visited on weekdays so the delivery of food and beverage was on time. Service 5/5 Ambiance 5/5 Choice of Veg 4/5 Value for money 5/5  however, comes at a cost but trust me, it is way more worth the money as the experience is next to nothing.5.0<>Nice ambiance every floor has different ambiance. Lovely food with great service. Spl thanks too Mr. Prem, abishek and Manish. Must visit. 😍😍😍😍😍3.0<>Services are quite poor...till you go and call someone for a table noone bothers to respond. You can wait for whole night and expect noone coming to help you out. After you somehow get a place, you have to run and catch he of the waiter or you can wait whole night. The quantity of food is not at all reasonable with the pricing and the quality/taste is also not that great. It's a good place to stand and take selfie considering the background is good for the same.4.0<>Nice place to have a lunch out with friends. Service was good and so was the food. Ambiance was also nice and we all had a good time. Excellent place to get high and njoy north Indian delicacies. Definitely would recommend it to friends.4.0<>Was here on a weekday with foodie friends.  Lovely vibe this place has. Solid dhinchak Hindi music playing in the background and lovely food and drinks in front of you. What else does a beautiful evening require.  I arrived here at around 8pm on a Friday evening And the place was jam packed !  We started ordering our food and drinks. And OMG when the food arrived we started hogging.  Started with veg mushroom and broccoli. Both were exceptionally good and tasted very flavourful.  Also had the nachos and corn in the veg. Also tried a katori dish- which had mushroom filling. The taste was maintained throughout our meal. Every dish was flavourful and light.  Also tried the BBQ wings and prawns in non veg starters. They tasted amazing. Also loved the crab starter to the power of infinity. The crab is a must try here. The heat of the chillies and tender meat with the juicy shell was all one can ask for in a perfect dish.  Also tried the sea food main course. This was decent enough but didn't wow me.  Then came the best part - the desserts. The brownie and banoffee pie was next level.  Also the tiramisu and cheesecake we're beautifully plated and tasted great.  One crazy experience at this place. Head here to enjoy a great ambience and lovely food.  .4.5<>Its quirky name and a spectacular view from this place, brought me here! Was here for lunch on a Saturday afternoon. To my surprise they were also serving so we got ourselves one of that! For food we got the sriracha chilly paneer, fries and a pizza. I must say , by far I've had the best paneer chilly here! The pizza was amazing too. The staff was extremely friendly and served our order real quick despite the place being crowded. Overall, I'd give a 4.5 for this place.5.0<>Great place , beautifully organised ambience . Good food , good staff . Had a really good time. Worth the pay and time. Containing 3 storeys, the roof top is the best. Since I had been in the afternoon it was not opened yet.4.0<>This Jet-themed restro-puto opposite to Orion Mall in Rajajinagar is one of its kind in this part of the city. Spread across four floors with amazing rooftop and terrace in the top two floors this place surely has some incredible ambience and view. The World Trade Centre and Sheraton buildings look incredible in the night from Jetlag. The decors are extremely futuristic. Yesterday went there with friends to spend the Saturday night. They have some wonderful bar bites along with cool innovative and classic cocktails. Chef Raj and mixologist Ajeesh helped us a lot in selecting our food and drinks. Since, this place is new, big and pretty understaffed expect to have an extremely slow service.  I tried a few of their cocktails. The Caipirinha was not up to the mark, it lacked the taste a Caipirinha has. Two cocktails I really liked was the Bitter Harvest and Nok Air. The Bitter Harvest being a refreshing white rum-based cocktail with basil, pineapple and bitter gourd. You won't feel much bitterness from the bitter gourd, the basil and the pineapple flavours mellows it down. Nok Air was my personal favourite. Another refreshing white rum-based drink with tender coconut water, pineapple infused with kaffir lime and galangal.   Now, coming to the food. I like the couple of veg starters that we ordered - Fried Lotus Stems and Mushroom Spinach Trainkles. Grilled Beef with Yuzu Butter Sauce was my favourite dish among all. Slices of grilled beef medium done, served with a wonderful yuzu butter which had a thick texture and a nice citrusy flavour. I even used the yuzu butter to further enhance the taste of the pan seared Scampi with Kimchi Soya - another dish I liked a lot. The Korean Chilli Wings had mixed response from us, some didn't like the bitter aftertaste from the caramelised brown sugar. But nonetheless, the taste was interesting. The Achari Chicken Tikka had an interesting flavour coming from the use of Panch Foron. The Pork Chop was decent, but a little well-done. I would have preferred something more medium-done. The Chilli Crab was too hot for me. One of us had cravings for Dal Makhani, so we tasted that as well with Butter Naan. Nothing special, it does a pretty good job considering it is a Pub(not where people go to have their Dal Makhani usually).  The desserts were pretty average. I liked the Banana Flambe (must try if you like bananas), but the Tiramisù was too sweet. I could not get any feel of coffee from it either. Overall, it is a place with amazing ambience and views with decent food and drinks, but the desserts let us down.4.0<>Rooftop places aren't that common in this part of the town. Jetlag is a value addition in the otherwise dull neighborhood. Spread across 4 floors the place has a KILLER view and ambience. The DJ also does an incredible job in keeping the crowd up on their toes with his peppy playlist. We were here on a Friday night and had a really good time. Looking at the ambience I feel, the place would also look even more amazing in daylight, very Insta friendly.  Now coming to the food, the place has some decent options in starters (veg and non veg inclusive). There's quite a lot to choose from - Chinese, Indian (Grills, Tandoor, Sizzlers etc). I would recommend the KOREAN CHILLIE WINGS, CHILLI CRAB, ACHARI MURGH TIKKA, GRILLED PRAWNS amongst others. For the vegetarians SRIRACHA PANEER & MUSHROOM SPINACH TRAINKLES are quite good. For me, the star item would be the Crab and the Chicken wings. It's actually hard to find good crab dishes in a pub, there was less of crab though. The Korean Chicken Wings had a nice sweet and spicy balance. Even the Prawns and Murgh Tikka were quite appetising. Prawns were fresh and had a nice marination. I had high expectations from the WHISKEY RUBBED PORK CHOPS but found them quite average. I mean they weren't different from the regular ones.  They have few interesting concoctions for cocktails as well. My heart goes out for the BITTER HARVEST which had a unique combination of white rum, pineapple and bitter gourd. I mean karela in a cocktail, that's a first for me. The TIPSY PILOTER WALA (tequila based), CAPTAIN DRINK (whiskey based), WITCHES (classic gin&tonic with galangal) are few other options to choose from. The whiskey one had a nice fennel -ish aftertaste which I loved.  Speaking of the main course, the place has limited options. We decided to stick to the basic - pizzas. We tried PERI PERI CHICKEN PIZZA and the GARDEN FRESH one from veg. Thin crust pizzas, surprisingly the veg was better than the non veg. We also tried the ASSORTED VEG SKEWERS and SEAFOOD KADHAI. The calamaris in the Seafood Kadhai were too rubbery for my liking.  We sealed the deal with TIRAMISU, TRES LECHES and BANOFEE PIE. Desserts were quite average, tiramisu was a bit sweet for my palate.  One MAJOR CONCERN however was the service. Extremely slow. I felt the place is a bit understaffed with respect to the huge space. We had to repeatedly keep asking for the food. The starters took almost 45 mins to arrive. And by the time the food came, we were almost half way through our drinks. They seriously need to up their service. However, it was nice interacting with the chef Mr.Raj.  Overall, Jetlag is a place with an astounding vibe. Perfect place to unwind with your squad, also suitable for large groups. Starters and cocktails are decent. Service needs a massive improvement. The place has potential. Good luck to the team :)  Bon Appetit !5.0<>An amazing place with good food,music and drinks.Jet lag is in a prime location just opposite Orion mall and the place is absolutely beautiful...a very nice place to party with friends...The food is pretty expensive but it's worth it the roof top is the best place to sit with a nice view of the city and the world trade center...I Highly recommend this place. Hats off to the staff who was very polite.A must visit place.😉3.0<>Amazing ambience. Sat on the 4th floor. Biggest drawback being the service time. Our order was taken after 15 mins and when we wanted to repeat the order, no one was around. Ordered beer, nachos and crispy corn. Food preparation time is less so that's a good sign. Crispy corn came with whole peppercorns in them so that bite of peppercorn was kind of a mood buster.3.0<>Food - 2/5 Ambience - 4/5 Service - 3/5 Cost - 3/5 Great ambience and location which is only let down by the not so tasty and pricey menu. Service is always delayed or maybe it is that way on the weekends that I’ve usually been to this place. A little effort from the chef and the whole team should turn this place around.4.0<>Jetlag is spread over many floors and each floor has a different theme which looks great but the rooftop has the best view and so we chose to be seated there !! The staff are courteous but disoriented.. They take forever to even take an order.. The drinks are great !! We tried their pizza and stuffed chicken which tasted really good .. The banofee pie to our surprise has been the best we have had so far !! Full marks to the ambience and food !! But they need to really work on managing the crowd and have to train their staff well or else their jet will lag behind!!2.0<>Food:2/5 Ambience:4/5 Service:2/5 This a brand new restaurant which has opened up in Rajajinagar. I had heard a lot about this restaurant. There are a various couzines on the menu . I got; 💥Crispy corn 💥Fried lotus stem 💥Garden Fresh Pizza 💥Jet Lag Veg club sandwich 💥Cheese Cake It took forever for the food to come(almost an hour ) The crispy corn was really bland it had absolutely no seasoning. The fried lotus stem was probably the only dish I liked. The garden fresh pizza was okay not that great . The jet lag club sandwich was filled with only cheese couldn’t taste anything else. The cheese cake costing almost 400rupees I would expect it to be fresh or in a pretty decent quality but it was such a small piece of cake and you could tell by tasting it that it was definitely not fresh .3.0<>This is one amazing place which has started recently and is known for a crazy decor!!  I had been here on a weekend evening and I must say that even though it’s started recently and not a renowned place there was a decent crowd. I ordered a Oreo milkshake and a cold coffee along with crispy corn, mushroom starter and a dessert (Tiramisu).  Crispy corn : This starter was just like the barbeque corn starter with more chillies, onions and some bell peppers in it. It wasn’t too oily or spicy and was just perfectly blended with salt and chilli.  Mushroom starter : I quite did not like the dish as the spinach and mushroom paste which was on the tartlet didn’t make a good combination and tasted a bit different.  Oreo milkshake : This was just like the milkshake in any other place, too cold, creamy, chocolatey, just the right taste which I had a craving for.  Cold coffee : This is again a very delicious drink presented in a very nice manner as well. It had a very strong coffee flavour which I absolutely loved to bits!!  Tiramisu : God this was just heavenly!! The cake was so damn smooth just a whisk was sufficient!! Coffee, Vanilla and chocolate all in one and what can anyone else ask for!??  We had ordered a pizza, after about half an hour we got to know that pizza was not available at all and the staff who took the order didn’t mention this and we waited thinking we will get our pizza in sometime, this was a real turn off along with some loud music:(  Ambience - 4/5 Pricing - 4/5 Taste - 3.5/54.0<>Very very nice place to visit, liked the roof top experience of the restaurant, well made ambience, excellent taste of food, liked the way of fusion, service is pretty slow but was worth a wait. Definitely recommended3.0<>The ambience is quite nice. Went here on a Saturday and they did not have half the items on the menu. The Peri Peri chicken pizza was tasty . The chicken ghee roast was not that great.4.0<>If you want amazing photos with a beautiful background to load your instagram profile , this place is the one. Right in the centre of popular area, very close to Orion mall, and has the best ambience when compared to all the outlets in this area. There are three floors,  each floor with a different theme.  There is a selfie spot above all these floors arranged for the visitors, just to click loads of pics covering the sheratons, orion mall and Bangalore's beauty.  Coming to service, the hospitality is great. They describe you every dish and the specialty of the place. It would be good to reserve the table before ending up here as the place is trending and is crowded.   The food part is where the team can actually improve. They do have huge variety in the drinks section and the cocktails are great. The main course and rice side have very less options and the taste is average. Starters are great though which is preferred by most of the visitors. They also have pizza's on great demand. The price however is on the greater side for the taste of the food taken into consideration.   Overall :  Ambience : 4.5/5 Hospitality : 4/5 Food : 3/5 Cost : 3/54.0<>The roof top is incredible.the food quality is wonderful. Also the service is nice as it's is very prompt..must try the pepper chicken n all the decor are incredibly Worth talking pic of..the view from the top floor is like you are in a foreign country..as the WTC and shereton hotel just live up to the expectation. Shusmita served me well.4.0<>An open spaced place with an amazing view. Food: isn't that great but still is a must try, atleast for the place. Ambience: on the 4th floor, it's windy and nice for a hot cuppa coffee! Service: a little too slow but the staff is kind and polite. They have an open bar too and it's definitely a place for a good, romantic dinner. A date spot!5.0<>To begin with, Jet Lag stands at heart of Rajajinagar and they serve all types of culinary Dining Experience. the view from the top floor is so exquisite that it begs you to get a seat near the roof top that overlook the entire Ooru. One of the many things that make this place stand out from every other dining place in North Banglore ,this is an amazing experience in itself , Ambiance- Jetlag introduces the first jet concept themed restobar in Bangalore , which have 4 different concept of seating 1 Jet Lag Jet 2 BbQ 3 Hunters and the last Sky Top All the floor have food and beverage service which makes your dining experience much better. As I visited on weekdays so the delivery of food and beverage was on time. Service 5/5 Ambiance 5/5 Choice of Veg 4/5 Value for money 5/5  however, comes at a cost but trust me, it is way more worth the money as the experience is next to nothing.5.0<>Nice ambiance every floor has different ambiance. Lovely food with great service. Spl thanks too Mr. Prem, abishek and Manish. Must visit. 😍😍😍😍😍3.0<>Services are quite poor...till you go and call someone for a table noone bothers to respond. You can wait for whole night and expect noone coming to help you out. After you somehow get a place, you have to run and catch he of the waiter or you can wait whole night. The quantity of food is not at all reasonable with the pricing and the quality/taste is also not that great. It's a good place to stand and take selfie considering the background is good for the same.4.0<>Nice place to have a lunch out with friends. Service was good and so was the food. Ambiance was also nice and we all had a good time. Excellent place to get high and njoy north Indian delicacies. Definitely would recommend it to friends.4.0<>Was here on a weekday with foodie friends.  Lovely vibe this place has. Solid dhinchak Hindi music playing in the background and lovely food and drinks in front of you. What else does a beautiful evening require.  I arrived here at around 8pm on a Friday evening And the place was jam packed !  We started ordering our food and drinks. And OMG when the food arrived we started hogging.  Started with veg mushroom and broccoli. Both were exceptionally good and tasted very flavourful.  Also had the nachos and corn in the veg. Also tried a katori dish- which had mushroom filling. The taste was maintained throughout our meal. Every dish was flavourful and light.  Also tried the BBQ wings and prawns in non veg starters. They tasted amazing. Also loved the crab starter to the power of infinity. The crab is a must try here. The heat of the chillies and tender meat with the juicy shell was all one can ask for in a perfect dish.  Also tried the sea food main course. This was decent enough but didn't wow me.  Then came the best part - the desserts. The brownie and banoffee pie was next level.  Also the tiramisu and cheesecake we're beautifully plated and tasted great.  One crazy experience at this place. Head here to enjoy a great ambience and lovely food.  .4.5<>Its quirky name and a spectacular view from this place, brought me here! Was here for lunch on a Saturday afternoon. To my surprise they were also serving so we got ourselves one of that! For food we got the sriracha chilly paneer, fries and a pizza. I must say , by far I've had the best paneer chilly here! The pizza was amazing too. The staff was extremely friendly and served our order real quick despite the place being crowded. Overall, I'd give a 4.5 for this place.5.0<>Great place , beautifully organised ambience . Good food , good staff . Had a really good time. Worth the pay and time. Containing 3 storeys, the roof top is the best. Since I had been in the afternoon it was not opened yet.4.0<>This Jet-themed restro-puto opposite to Orion Mall in Rajajinagar is one of its kind in this part of the city. Spread across four floors with amazing rooftop and terrace in the top two floors this place surely has some incredible ambience and view. The World Trade Centre and Sheraton buildings look incredible in the night from Jetlag. The decors are extremely futuristic. Yesterday went there with friends to spend the Saturday night. They have some wonderful bar bites along with cool innovative and classic cocktails. Chef Raj and mixologist Ajeesh helped us a lot in selecting our food and drinks. Since, this place is new, big and pretty understaffed expect to have an extremely slow service.  I tried a few of their cocktails. The Caipirinha was not up to the mark, it lacked the taste a Caipirinha has. Two cocktails I really liked was the Bitter Harvest and Nok Air. The Bitter Harvest being a refreshing white rum-based cocktail with basil, pineapple and bitter gourd. You won't feel much bitterness from the bitter gourd, the basil and the pineapple flavours mellows it down. Nok Air was my personal favourite. Another refreshing white rum-based drink with tender coconut water, pineapple infused with kaffir lime and galangal.   Now, coming to the food. I like the couple of veg starters that we ordered - Fried Lotus Stems and Mushroom Spinach Trainkles. Grilled Beef with Yuzu Butter Sauce was my favourite dish among all. Slices of grilled beef medium done, served with a wonderful yuzu butter which had a thick texture and a nice citrusy flavour. I even used the yuzu butter to further enhance the taste of the pan seared Scampi with Kimchi Soya - another dish I liked a lot. The Korean Chilli Wings had mixed response from us, some didn't like the bitter aftertaste from the caramelised brown sugar. But nonetheless, the taste was interesting. The Achari Chicken Tikka had an interesting flavour coming from the use of Panch Foron. The Pork Chop was decent, but a little well-done. I would have preferred something more medium-done. The Chilli Crab was too hot for me. One of us had cravings for Dal Makhani, so we tasted that as well with Butter Naan. Nothing special, it does a pretty good job considering it is a Pub(not where people go to have their Dal Makhani usually).  The desserts were pretty average. I liked the Banana Flambe (must try if you like bananas), but the Tiramisù was too sweet. I could not get any feel of coffee from it either. Overall, it is a place with amazing ambience and views with decent food and drinks, but the desserts let us down.4.0<>Rooftop places aren't that common in this part of the town. Jetlag is a value addition in the otherwise dull neighborhood. Spread across 4 floors the place has a KILLER view and ambience. The DJ also does an incredible job in keeping the crowd up on their toes with his peppy playlist. We were here on a Friday night and had a really good time. Looking at the ambience I feel, the place would also look even more amazing in daylight, very Insta friendly.  Now coming to the food, the place has some decent options in starters (veg and non veg inclusive). There's quite a lot to choose from - Chinese, Indian (Grills, Tandoor, Sizzlers etc). I would recommend the KOREAN CHILLIE WINGS, CHILLI CRAB, ACHARI MURGH TIKKA, GRILLED PRAWNS amongst others. For the vegetarians SRIRACHA PANEER & MUSHROOM SPINACH TRAINKLES are quite good. For me, the star item would be the Crab and the Chicken wings. It's actually hard to find good crab dishes in a pub, there was less of crab though. The Korean Chicken Wings had a nice sweet and spicy balance. Even the Prawns and Murgh Tikka were quite appetising. Prawns were fresh and had a nice marination. I had high expectations from the WHISKEY RUBBED PORK CHOPS but found them quite average. I mean they weren't different from the regular ones.  They have few interesting concoctions for cocktails as well. My heart goes out for the BITTER HARVEST which had a unique combination of white rum, pineapple and bitter gourd. I mean karela in a cocktail, that's a first for me. The TIPSY PILOTER WALA (tequila based), CAPTAIN DRINK (whiskey based), WITCHES (classic gin&tonic with galangal) are few other options to choose from. The whiskey one had a nice fennel -ish aftertaste which I loved.  Speaking of the main course, the place has limited options. We decided to stick to the basic - pizzas. We tried PERI PERI CHICKEN PIZZA and the GARDEN FRESH one from veg. Thin crust pizzas, surprisingly the veg was better than the non veg. We also tried the ASSORTED VEG SKEWERS and SEAFOOD KADHAI. The calamaris in the Seafood Kadhai were too rubbery for my liking.  We sealed the deal with TIRAMISU, TRES LECHES and BANOFEE PIE. Desserts were quite average, tiramisu was a bit sweet for my palate.  One MAJOR CONCERN however was the service. Extremely slow. I felt the place is a bit understaffed with respect to the huge space. We had to repeatedly keep asking for the food. The starters took almost 45 mins to arrive. And by the time the food came, we were almost half way through our drinks. They seriously need to up their service. However, it was nice interacting with the chef Mr.Raj.  Overall, Jetlag is a place with an astounding vibe. Perfect place to unwind with your squad, also suitable for large groups. Starters and cocktails are decent. Service needs a massive improvement. The place has potential. Good luck to the team :)  Bon Appetit !5.0<>An amazing place with good food,music and drinks.Jet lag is in a prime location just opposite Orion mall and the place is absolutely beautiful...a very nice place to party with friends...The food is pretty expensive but it's worth it the roof top is the best place to sit with a nice view of the city and the world trade center...I Highly recommend this place. Hats off to the staff who was very polite.A must visit place.😉3.0<>Amazing ambience. Sat on the 4th floor. Biggest drawback being the service time. Our order was taken after 15 mins and when we wanted to repeat the order, no one was around. Ordered beer, nachos and crispy corn. Food preparation time is less so that's a good sign. Crispy corn came with whole peppercorns in them so that bite of peppercorn was kind of a mood buster.3.0<>Food - 2/5 Ambience - 4/5 Service - 3/5 Cost - 3/5 Great ambience and location which is only let down by the not so tasty and pricey menu. Service is always delayed or maybe it is that way on the weekends that I’ve usually been to this place. A little effort from the chef and the whole team should turn this place around.4.0<>Jetlag is spread over many floors and each floor has a different theme which looks great but the rooftop has the best view and so we chose to be seated there !! The staff are courteous but disoriented.. They take forever to even take an order.. The drinks are great !! We tried their pizza and stuffed chicken which tasted really good .. The banofee pie to our surprise has been the best we have had so far !! Full marks to the ambience and food !! But they need to really work on managing the crowd and have to train their staff well or else their jet will lag behind!!2.0<>Food:2/5 Ambience:4/5 Service:2/5 This a brand new restaurant which has opened up in Rajajinagar. I had heard a lot about this restaurant. There are a various couzines on the menu . I got; 💥Crispy corn 💥Fried lotus stem 💥Garden Fresh Pizza 💥Jet Lag Veg club sandwich 💥Cheese Cake It took forever for the food to come(almost an hour ) The crispy corn was really bland it had absolutely no seasoning. The fried lotus stem was probably the only dish I liked. The garden fresh pizza was okay not that great . The jet lag club sandwich was filled with only cheese couldn’t taste anything else. The cheese cake costing almost 400rupees I would expect it to be fresh or in a pretty decent quality but it was such a small piece of cake and you could tell by tasting it that it was definitely not fresh .3.0<>This is one amazing place which has started recently and is known for a crazy decor!!  I had been here on a weekend evening and I must say that even though it’s started recently and not a renowned place there was a decent crowd. I ordered a Oreo milkshake and a cold coffee along with crispy corn, mushroom starter and a dessert (Tiramisu).  Crispy corn : This starter was just like the barbeque corn starter with more chillies, onions and some bell peppers in it. It wasn’t too oily or spicy and was just perfectly blended with salt and chilli.  Mushroom starter : I quite did not like the dish as the spinach and mushroom paste which was on the tartlet didn’t make a good combination and tasted a bit different.  Oreo milkshake : This was just like the milkshake in any other place, too cold, creamy, chocolatey, just the right taste which I had a craving for.  Cold coffee : This is again a very delicious drink presented in a very nice manner as well. It had a very strong coffee flavour which I absolutely loved to bits!!  Tiramisu : God this was just heavenly!! The cake was so damn smooth just a whisk was sufficient!! Coffee, Vanilla and chocolate all in one and what can anyone else ask for!??  We had ordered a pizza, after about half an hour we got to know that pizza was not available at all and the staff who took the order didn’t mention this and we waited thinking we will get our pizza in sometime, this was a real turn off along with some loud music:(  Ambience - 4/5 Pricing - 4/5 Taste - 3.5/54.0<>Very very nice place to visit, liked the roof top experience of the restaurant, well made ambience, excellent taste of food, liked the way of fusion, service is pretty slow but was worth a wait. Definitely recommended3.0<>The ambience is quite nice. Went here on a Saturday and they did not have half the items on the menu. The Peri Peri chicken pizza was tasty . The chicken ghee roast was not that great.4.0<>If you want amazing photos with a beautiful background to load your instagram profile , this place is the one. Right in the centre of popular area, very close to Orion mall, and has the best ambience when compared to all the outlets in this area. There are three floors,  each floor with a different theme.  There is a selfie spot above all these floors arranged for the visitors, just to click loads of pics covering the sheratons, orion mall and Bangalore's beauty.  Coming to service, the hospitality is great. They describe you every dish and the specialty of the place. It would be good to reserve the table before ending up here as the place is trending and is crowded.   The food part is where the team can actually improve. They do have huge variety in the drinks section and the cocktails are great. The main course and rice side have very less options and the taste is average. Starters are great though which is preferred by most of the visitors. They also have pizza's on great demand. The price however is on the greater side for the taste of the food taken into consideration.   Overall :  Ambience : 4.5/5 Hospitality : 4/5 Food : 3/5 Cost : 3/54.0<>The roof top is incredible.the food quality is wonderful. Also the service is nice as it's is very prompt..must try the pepper chicken n all the decor are incredibly Worth talking pic of..the view from the top floor is like you are in a foreign country..as the WTC and shereton hotel just live up to the expectation. Shusmita served me well.4.0<>An open spaced place with an amazing view. Food: isn't that great but still is a must try, atleast for the place. Ambience: on the 4th floor, it's windy and nice for a hot cuppa coffee! Service: a little too slow but the staff is kind and polite. They have an open bar too and it's definitely a place for a good, romantic dinner. A date spot!5.0<>To begin with, Jet Lag stands at heart of Rajajinagar and they serve all types of culinary Dining Experience. the view from the top floor is so exquisite that it begs you to get a seat near the roof top that overlook the entire Ooru. One of the many things that make this place stand out from every other dining place in North Banglore ,this is an amazing experience in itself , Ambiance- Jetlag introduces the first jet concept themed restobar in Bangalore , which have 4 different concept of seating 1 Jet Lag Jet 2 BbQ 3 Hunters and the last Sky Top All the floor have food and beverage service which makes your dining experience much better. As I visited on weekdays so the delivery of food and beverage was on time. Service 5/5 Ambiance 5/5 Choice of Veg 4/5 Value for money 5/5  however, comes at a cost but trust me, it is way more worth the money as the experience is next to nothing.5.0<>Nice ambiance every floor has different ambiance. Lovely food with great service. Spl thanks too Mr. Prem, abishek and Manish. Must visit. 😍😍😍😍😍3.0<>Services are quite poor...till you go and call someone for a table noone bothers to respond. You can wait for whole night and expect noone coming to help you out. After you somehow get a place, you have to run and catch he of the waiter or you can wait whole night. The quantity of food is not at all reasonable with the pricing and the quality/taste is also not that great. It's a good place to stand and take selfie considering the background is good for the same.4.0<>Nice place to have a lunch out with friends. Service was good and so was the food. Ambiance was also nice and we all had a good time. Excellent place to get high and njoy north Indian delicacies. Definitely would recommend it to friends.4.0<>Was here on a weekday with foodie friends.  Lovely vibe this place has. Solid dhinchak Hindi music playing in the background and lovely food and drinks in front of you. What else does a beautiful evening require.  I arrived here at around 8pm on a Friday evening And the place was jam packed !  We started ordering our food and drinks. And OMG when the food arrived we started hogging.  Started with veg mushroom and broccoli. Both were exceptionally good and tasted very flavourful.  Also had the nachos and corn in the veg. Also tried a katori dish- which had mushroom filling. The taste was maintained throughout our meal. Every dish was flavourful and light.  Also tried the BBQ wings and prawns in non veg starters. They tasted amazing. Also loved the crab starter to the power of infinity. The crab is a must try here. The heat of the chillies and tender meat with the juicy shell was all one can ask for in a perfect dish.  Also tried the sea food main course. This was decent enough but didn't wow me.  Then came the best part - the desserts. The brownie and banoffee pie was next level.  Also the tiramisu and cheesecake we're beautifully plated and tasted great.  One crazy experience at this place. Head here to enjoy a great ambience and lovely food.  .4.5<>Its quirky name and a spectacular view from this place, brought me here! Was here for lunch on a Saturday afternoon. To my surprise they were also serving so we got ourselves one of that! For food we got the sriracha chilly paneer, fries and a pizza. I must say , by far I've had the best paneer chilly here! The pizza was amazing too. The staff was extremely friendly and served our order real quick despite the place being crowded. Overall, I'd give a 4.5 for this place.5.0<>Great place , beautifully organised ambience . Good food , good staff . Had a really good time. Worth the pay and time. Containing 3 storeys, the roof top is the best. Since I had been in the afternoon it was not opened yet.4.0<>This Jet-themed restro-puto opposite to Orion Mall in Rajajinagar is one of its kind in this part of the city. Spread across four floors with amazing rooftop and terrace in the top two floors this place surely has some incredible ambience and view. The World Trade Centre and Sheraton buildings look incredible in the night from Jetlag. The decors are extremely futuristic. Yesterday went there with friends to spend the Saturday night. They have some wonderful bar bites along with cool innovative and classic cocktails. Chef Raj and mixologist Ajeesh helped us a lot in selecting our food and drinks. Since, this place is new, big and pretty understaffed expect to have an extremely slow service.  I tried a few of their cocktails. The Caipirinha was not up to the mark, it lacked the taste a Caipirinha has. Two cocktails I really liked was the Bitter Harvest and Nok Air. The Bitter Harvest being a refreshing white rum-based cocktail with basil, pineapple and bitter gourd. You won't feel much bitterness from the bitter gourd, the basil and the pineapple flavours mellows it down. Nok Air was my personal favourite. Another refreshing white rum-based drink with tender coconut water, pineapple infused with kaffir lime and galangal.   Now, coming to the food. I like the couple of veg starters that we ordered - Fried Lotus Stems and Mushroom Spinach Trainkles. Grilled Beef with Yuzu Butter Sauce was my favourite dish among all. Slices of grilled beef medium done, served with a wonderful yuzu butter which had a thick texture and a nice citrusy flavour. I even used the yuzu butter to further enhance the taste of the pan seared Scampi with Kimchi Soya - another dish I liked a lot. The Korean Chilli Wings had mixed response from us, some didn't like the bitter aftertaste from the caramelised brown sugar. But nonetheless, the taste was interesting. The Achari Chicken Tikka had an interesting flavour coming from the use of Panch Foron. The Pork Chop was decent, but a little well-done. I would have preferred something more medium-done. The Chilli Crab was too hot for me. One of us had cravings for Dal Makhani, so we tasted that as well with Butter Naan. Nothing special, it does a pretty good job considering it is a Pub(not where people go to have their Dal Makhani usually).  The desserts were pretty average. I liked the Banana Flambe (must try if you like bananas), but the Tiramisù was too sweet. I could not get any feel of coffee from it either. Overall, it is a place with amazing ambience and views with decent food and drinks, but the desserts let us down.4.0<>Rooftop places aren't that common in this part of the town. Jetlag is a value addition in the otherwise dull neighborhood. Spread across 4 floors the place has a KILLER view and ambience. The DJ also does an incredible job in keeping the crowd up on their toes with his peppy playlist. We were here on a Friday night and had a really good time. Looking at the ambience I feel, the place would also look even more amazing in daylight, very Insta friendly.  Now coming to the food, the place has some decent options in starters (veg and non veg inclusive). There's quite a lot to choose from - Chinese, Indian (Grills, Tandoor, Sizzlers etc). I would recommend the KOREAN CHILLIE WINGS, CHILLI CRAB, ACHARI MURGH TIKKA, GRILLED PRAWNS amongst others. For the vegetarians SRIRACHA PANEER & MUSHROOM SPINACH TRAINKLES are quite good. For me, the star item would be the Crab and the Chicken wings. It's actually hard to find good crab dishes in a pub, there was less of crab though. The Korean Chicken Wings had a nice sweet and spicy balance. Even the Prawns and Murgh Tikka were quite appetising. Prawns were fresh and had a nice marination. I had high expectations from the WHISKEY RUBBED PORK CHOPS but found them quite average. I mean they weren't different from the regular ones.  They have few interesting concoctions for cocktails as well. My heart goes out for the BITTER HARVEST which had a unique combination of white rum, pineapple and bitter gourd. I mean karela in a cocktail, that's a first for me. The TIPSY PILOTER WALA (tequila based), CAPTAIN DRINK (whiskey based), WITCHES (classic gin&tonic with galangal) are few other options to choose from. The whiskey one had a nice fennel -ish aftertaste which I loved.  Speaking of the main course, the place has limited options. We decided to stick to the basic - pizzas. We tried PERI PERI CHICKEN PIZZA and the GARDEN FRESH one from veg. Thin crust pizzas, surprisingly the veg was better than the non veg. We also tried the ASSORTED VEG SKEWERS and SEAFOOD KADHAI. The calamaris in the Seafood Kadhai were too rubbery for my liking.  We sealed the deal with TIRAMISU, TRES LECHES and BANOFEE PIE. Desserts were quite average, tiramisu was a bit sweet for my palate.  One MAJOR CONCERN however was the service. Extremely slow. I felt the place is a bit understaffed with respect to the huge space. We had to repeatedly keep asking for the food. The starters took almost 45 mins to arrive. And by the time the food came, we were almost half way through our drinks. They seriously need to up their service. However, it was nice interacting with the chef Mr.Raj.  Overall, Jetlag is a place with an astounding vibe. Perfect place to unwind with your squad, also suitable for large groups. Starters and cocktails are decent. Service needs a massive improvement. The place has potential. Good luck to the team :)  Bon Appetit !5.0<>An amazing place with good food,music and drinks.Jet lag is in a prime location just opposite Orion mall and the place is absolutely beautiful...a very nice place to party with friends...The food is pretty expensive but it's worth it the roof top is the best place to sit with a nice view of the city and the world trade center...I Highly recommend this place. Hats off to the staff who was very polite.A must visit place.😉3.0<>Amazing ambience. Sat on the 4th floor. Biggest drawback being the service time. Our order was taken after 15 mins and when we wanted to repeat the order, no one was around. Ordered beer, nachos and crispy corn. Food preparation time is less so that's a good sign. Crispy corn came with whole peppercorns in them so that bite of peppercorn was kind of a mood buster.3.0<>Food - 2/5 Ambience - 4/5 Service - 3/5 Cost - 3/5 Great ambience and location which is only let down by the not so tasty and pricey menu. Service is always delayed or maybe it is that way on the weekends that I’ve usually been to this place. A little effort from the chef and the whole team should turn this place around.4.0<>Jetlag is spread over many floors and each floor has a different theme which looks great but the rooftop has the best view and so we chose to be seated there !! The staff are courteous but disoriented.. They take forever to even take an order.. The drinks are great !! We tried their pizza and stuffed chicken which tasted really good .. The banofee pie to our surprise has been the best we have had so far !! Full marks to the ambience and food !! But they need to really work on managing the crowd and have to train their staff well or else their jet will lag behind!!2.0<>Food:2/5 Ambience:4/5 Service:2/5 This a brand new restaurant which has opened up in Rajajinagar. I had heard a lot about this restaurant. There are a various couzines on the menu . I got; 💥Crispy corn 💥Fried lotus stem 💥Garden Fresh Pizza 💥Jet Lag Veg club sandwich 💥Cheese Cake It took forever for the food to come(almost an hour ) The crispy corn was really bland it had absolutely no seasoning. The fried lotus stem was probably the only dish I liked. The garden fresh pizza was okay not that great . The jet lag club sandwich was filled with only cheese couldn’t taste anything else. The cheese cake costing almost 400rupees I would expect it to be fresh or in a pretty decent quality but it was such a small piece of cake and you could tell by tasting it that it was definitely not fresh .3.0<>This is one amazing place which has started recently and is known for a crazy decor!!  I had been here on a weekend evening and I must say that even though it’s started recently and not a renowned place there was a decent crowd. I ordered a Oreo milkshake and a cold coffee along with crispy corn, mushroom starter and a dessert (Tiramisu).  Crispy corn : This starter was just like the barbeque corn starter with more chillies, onions and some bell peppers in it. It wasn’t too oily or spicy and was just perfectly blended with salt and chilli.  Mushroom starter : I quite did not like the dish as the spinach and mushroom paste which was on the tartlet didn’t make a good combination and tasted a bit different.  Oreo milkshake : This was just like the milkshake in any other place, too cold, creamy, chocolatey, just the right taste which I had a craving for.  Cold coffee : This is again a very delicious drink presented in a very nice manner as well. It had a very strong coffee flavour which I absolutely loved to bits!!  Tiramisu : God this was just heavenly!! The cake was so damn smooth just a whisk was sufficient!! Coffee, Vanilla and chocolate all in one and what can anyone else ask for!??  We had ordered a pizza, after about half an hour we got to know that pizza was not available at all and the staff who took the order didn’t mention this and we waited thinking we will get our pizza in sometime, this was a real turn off along with some loud music:(  Ambience - 4/5 Pricing - 4/5 Taste - 3.5/54.0<>Very very nice place to visit, liked the roof top experience of the restaurant, well made ambience, excellent taste of food, liked the way of fusion, service is pretty slow but was worth a wait. Definitely recommended3.0<>The ambience is quite nice. Went here on a Saturday and they did not have half the items on the menu. The Peri Peri chicken pizza was tasty . The chicken ghee roast was not that great.4.0<>If you want amazing photos with a beautiful background to load your instagram profile , this place is the one. Right in the centre of popular area, very close to Orion mall, and has the best ambience when compared to all the outlets in this area. There are three floors,  each floor with a different theme.  There is a selfie spot above all these floors arranged for the visitors, just to click loads of pics covering the sheratons, orion mall and Bangalore's beauty.  Coming to service, the hospitality is great. They describe you every dish and the specialty of the place. It would be good to reserve the table before ending up here as the place is trending and is crowded.   The food part is where the team can actually improve. They do have huge variety in the drinks section and the cocktails are great. The main course and rice side have very less options and the taste is average. Starters are great though which is preferred by most of the visitors. They also have pizza's on great demand. The price however is on the greater side for the taste of the food taken into consideration.   Overall :  Ambience : 4.5/5 Hospitality : 4/5 Food : 3/5 Cost : 3/54.0<>The roof top is incredible.the food quality is wonderful. Also the service is nice as it's is very prompt..must try the pepper chicken n all the decor are incredibly Worth talking pic of..the view from the top floor is like you are in a foreign country..as the WTC and shereton hotel just live up to the expectation. Shusmita served me well.4.0<>An open spaced place with an amazing view. Food: isn't that great but still is a must try, atleast for the place. Ambience: on the 4th floor, it's windy and nice for a hot cuppa coffee! Service: a little too slow but the staff is kind and polite. They have an open bar too and it's definitely a place for a good, romantic dinner. A date spot!5.0<>To begin with, Jet Lag stands at heart of Rajajinagar and they serve all types of culinary Dining Experience. the view from the top floor is so exquisite that it begs you to get a seat near the roof top that overlook the entire Ooru. One of the many things that make this place stand out from every other dining place in North Banglore ,this is an amazing experience in itself , Ambiance- Jetlag introduces the first jet concept themed restobar in Bangalore , which have 4 different concept of seating 1 Jet Lag Jet 2 BbQ 3 Hunters and the last Sky Top All the floor have food and beverage service which makes your dining experience much better. As I visited on weekdays so the delivery of food and beverage was on time. Service 5/5 Ambiance 5/5 Choice of Veg 4/5 Value for money 5/5  however, comes at a cost but trust me, it is way more worth the money as the experience is next to nothing.5.0<>Nice ambiance every floor has different ambiance. Lovely food with great service. Spl thanks too Mr. Prem, abishek and Manish. Must visit. 😍😍😍😍😍3.0<>Services are quite poor...till you go and call someone for a table noone bothers to respond. You can wait for whole night and expect noone coming to help you out. After you somehow get a place, you have to run and catch he of the waiter or you can wait whole night. The quantity of food is not at all reasonable with the pricing and the quality/taste is also not that great. It's a good place to stand and take selfie considering the background is good for the same.4.0<>Nice place to have a lunch out with friends. Service was good and so was the food. Ambiance was also nice and we all had a good time. Excellent place to get high and njoy north Indian delicacies. Definitely would recommend it to friends.4.0<>Was here on a weekday with foodie friends.  Lovely vibe this place has. Solid dhinchak Hindi music playing in the background and lovely food and drinks in front of you. What else does a beautiful evening require.  I arrived here at around 8pm on a Friday evening And the place was jam packed !  We started ordering our food and drinks. And OMG when the food arrived we started hogging.  Started with veg mushroom and broccoli. Both were exceptionally good and tasted very flavourful.  Also had the nachos and corn in the veg. Also tried a katori dish- which had mushroom filling. The taste was maintained throughout our meal. Every dish was flavourful and light.  Also tried the BBQ wings and prawns in non veg starters. They tasted amazing. Also loved the crab starter to the power of infinity. The crab is a must try here. The heat of the chillies and tender meat with the juicy shell was all one can ask for in a perfect dish.  Also tried the sea food main course. This was decent enough but didn't wow me.  Then came the best part - the desserts. The brownie and banoffee pie was next level.  Also the tiramisu and cheesecake we're beautifully plated and tasted great.  One crazy experience at this place. Head here to enjoy a great ambience and lovely food.  .4.5<>Its quirky name and a spectacular view from this place, brought me here! Was here for lunch on a Saturday afternoon. To my surprise they were also serving so we got ourselves one of that! For food we got the sriracha chilly paneer, fries and a pizza. I must say , by far I've had the best paneer chilly here! The pizza was amazing too. The staff was extremely friendly and served our order real quick despite the place being crowded. Overall, I'd give a 4.5 for this place.5.0<>Great place , beautifully organised ambience . Good food , good staff . Had a really good time. Worth the pay and time. Containing 3 storeys, the roof top is the best. Since I had been in the afternoon it was not opened yet.4.0<>This Jet-themed restro-puto opposite to Orion Mall in Rajajinagar is one of its kind in this part of the city. Spread across four floors with amazing rooftop and terrace in the top two floors this place surely has some incredible ambience and view. The World Trade Centre and Sheraton buildings look incredible in the night from Jetlag. The decors are extremely futuristic. Yesterday went there with friends to spend the Saturday night. They have some wonderful bar bites along with cool innovative and classic cocktails. Chef Raj and mixologist Ajeesh helped us a lot in selecting our food and drinks. Since, this place is new, big and pretty understaffed expect to have an extremely slow service.  I tried a few of their cocktails. The Caipirinha was not up to the mark, it lacked the taste a Caipirinha has. Two cocktails I really liked was the Bitter Harvest and Nok Air. The Bitter Harvest being a refreshing white rum-based cocktail with basil, pineapple and bitter gourd. You won't feel much bitterness from the bitter gourd, the basil and the pineapple flavours mellows it down. Nok Air was my personal favourite. Another refreshing white rum-based drink with tender coconut water, pineapple infused with kaffir lime and galangal.   Now, coming to the food. I like the couple of veg starters that we ordered - Fried Lotus Stems and Mushroom Spinach Trainkles. Grilled Beef with Yuzu Butter Sauce was my favourite dish among all. Slices of grilled beef medium done, served with a wonderful yuzu butter which had a thick texture and a nice citrusy flavour. I even used the yuzu butter to further enhance the taste of the pan seared Scampi with Kimchi Soya - another dish I liked a lot. The Korean Chilli Wings had mixed response from us, some didn't like the bitter aftertaste from the caramelised brown sugar. But nonetheless, the taste was interesting. The Achari Chicken Tikka had an interesting flavour coming from the use of Panch Foron. The Pork Chop was decent, but a little well-done. I would have preferred something more medium-done. The Chilli Crab was too hot for me. One of us had cravings for Dal Makhani, so we tasted that as well with Butter Naan. Nothing special, it does a pretty good job considering it is a Pub(not where people go to have their Dal Makhani usually).  The desserts were pretty average. I liked the Banana Flambe (must try if you like bananas), but the Tiramisù was too sweet. I could not get any feel of coffee from it either. Overall, it is a place with amazing ambience and views with decent food and drinks, but the desserts let us down.4.0<>Rooftop places aren't that common in this part of the town. Jetlag is a value addition in the otherwise dull neighborhood. Spread across 4 floors the place has a KILLER view and ambience. The DJ also does an incredible job in keeping the crowd up on their toes with his peppy playlist. We were here on a Friday night and had a really good time. Looking at the ambience I feel, the place would also look even more amazing in daylight, very Insta friendly.  Now coming to the food, the place has some decent options in starters (veg and non veg inclusive). There's quite a lot to choose from - Chinese, Indian (Grills, Tandoor, Sizzlers etc). I would recommend the KOREAN CHILLIE WINGS, CHILLI CRAB, ACHARI MURGH TIKKA, GRILLED PRAWNS amongst others. For the vegetarians SRIRACHA PANEER & MUSHROOM SPINACH TRAINKLES are quite good. For me, the star item would be the Crab and the Chicken wings. It's actually hard to find good crab dishes in a pub, there was less of crab though. The Korean Chicken Wings had a nice sweet and spicy balance. Even the Prawns and Murgh Tikka were quite appetising. Prawns were fresh and had a nice marination. I had high expectations from the WHISKEY RUBBED PORK CHOPS but found them quite average. I mean they weren't different from the regular ones.  They have few interesting concoctions for cocktails as well. My heart goes out for the BITTER HARVEST which had a unique combination of white rum, pineapple and bitter gourd. I mean karela in a cocktail, that's a first for me. The TIPSY PILOTER WALA (tequila based), CAPTAIN DRINK (whiskey based), WITCHES (classic gin&tonic with galangal) are few other options to choose from. The whiskey one had a nice fennel -ish aftertaste which I loved.  Speaking of the main course, the place has limited options. We decided to stick to the basic - pizzas. We tried PERI PERI CHICKEN PIZZA and the GARDEN FRESH one from veg. Thin crust pizzas, surprisingly the veg was better than the non veg. We also tried the ASSORTED VEG SKEWERS and SEAFOOD KADHAI. The calamaris in the Seafood Kadhai were too rubbery for my liking.  We sealed the deal with TIRAMISU, TRES LECHES and BANOFEE PIE. Desserts were quite average, tiramisu was a bit sweet for my palate.  One MAJOR CONCERN however was the service. Extremely slow. I felt the place is a bit understaffed with respect to the huge space. We had to repeatedly keep asking for the food. The starters took almost 45 mins to arrive. And by the time the food came, we were almost half way through our drinks. They seriously need to up their service. However, it was nice interacting with the chef Mr.Raj.  Overall, Jetlag is a place with an astounding vibe. Perfect place to unwind with your squad, also suitable for large groups. Starters and cocktails are decent. Service needs a massive improvement. The place has potential. Good luck to the team :)  Bon Appetit !5.0<>An amazing place with good food,music and drinks.Jet lag is in a prime location just opposite Orion mall and the place is absolutely beautiful...a very nice place to party with friends...The food is pretty expensive but it's worth it the roof top is the best place to sit with a nice view of the city and the world trade center...I Highly recommend this place. Hats off to the staff who was very polite.A must visit place.😉3.0<>Amazing ambience. Sat on the 4th floor. Biggest drawback being the service time. Our order was taken after 15 mins and when we wanted to repeat the order, no one was around. Ordered beer, nachos and crispy corn. Food preparation time is less so that's a good sign. Crispy corn came with whole peppercorns in them so that bite of peppercorn was kind of a mood buster.3.0<>Food - 2/5 Ambience - 4/5 Service - 3/5 Cost - 3/5 Great ambience and location which is only let down by the not so tasty and pricey menu. Service is always delayed or maybe it is that way on the weekends that I’ve usually been to this place. A little effort from the chef and the whole team should turn this place around.4.0<>Jetlag is spread over many floors and each floor has a different theme which looks great but the rooftop has the best view and so we chose to be seated there !! The staff are courteous but disoriented.. They take forever to even take an order.. The drinks are great !! We tried their pizza and stuffed chicken which tasted really good .. The banofee pie to our surprise has been the best we have had so far !! Full marks to the ambience and food !! But they need to really work on managing the crowd and have to train their staff well or else their jet will lag behind!!2.0<>Food:2/5 Ambience:4/5 Service:2/5 This a brand new restaurant which has opened up in Rajajinagar. I had heard a lot about this restaurant. There are a various couzines on the menu . I got; 💥Crispy corn 💥Fried lotus stem 💥Garden Fresh Pizza 💥Jet Lag Veg club sandwich 💥Cheese Cake It took forever for the food to come(almost an hour ) The crispy corn was really bland it had absolutely no seasoning. The fried lotus stem was probably the only dish I liked. The garden fresh pizza was okay not that great . The jet lag club sandwich was filled with only cheese couldn’t taste anything else. The cheese cake costing almost 400rupees I would expect it to be fresh or in a pretty decent quality but it was such a small piece of cake and you could tell by tasting it that it was definitely not fresh .3.0<>This is one amazing place which has started recently and is known for a crazy decor!!  I had been here on a weekend evening and I must say that even though it’s started recently and not a renowned place there was a decent crowd. I ordered a Oreo milkshake and a cold coffee along with crispy corn, mushroom starter and a dessert (Tiramisu).  Crispy corn : This starter was just like the barbeque corn starter with more chillies, onions and some bell peppers in it. It wasn’t too oily or spicy and was just perfectly blended with salt and chilli.  Mushroom starter : I quite did not like the dish as the spinach and mushroom paste which was on the tartlet didn’t make a good combination and tasted a bit different.  Oreo milkshake : This was just like the milkshake in any other place, too cold, creamy, chocolatey, just the right taste which I had a craving for.  Cold coffee : This is again a very delicious drink presented in a very nice manner as well. It had a very strong coffee flavour which I absolutely loved to bits!!  Tiramisu : God this was just heavenly!! The cake was so damn smooth just a whisk was sufficient!! Coffee, Vanilla and chocolate all in one and what can anyone else ask for!??  We had ordered a pizza, after about half an hour we got to know that pizza was not available at all and the staff who took the order didn’t mention this and we waited thinking we will get our pizza in sometime, this was a real turn off along with some loud music:(  Ambience - 4/5 Pricing - 4/5 Taste - 3.5/54.0<>Very very nice place to visit, liked the roof top experience of the restaurant, well made ambience, excellent taste of food, liked the way of fusion, service is pretty slow but was worth a wait. Definitely recommended3.0<>The ambience is quite nice. Went here on a Saturday and they did not have half the items on the menu. The Peri Peri chicken pizza was tasty . The chicken ghee roast was not that great.4.0<>If you want amazing photos with a beautiful background to load your instagram profile , this place is the one. Right in the centre of popular area, very close to Orion mall, and has the best ambience when compared to all the outlets in this area. There are three floors,  each floor with a different theme.  There is a selfie spot above all these floors arranged for the visitors, just to click loads of pics covering the sheratons, orion mall and Bangalore's beauty.  Coming to service, the hospitality is great. They describe you every dish and the specialty of the place. It would be good to reserve the table before ending up here as the place is trending and is crowded.   The food part is where the team can actually improve. They do have huge variety in the drinks section and the cocktails are great. The main course and rice side have very less options and the taste is average. Starters are great though which is preferred by most of the visitors. They also have pizza's on great demand. The price however is on the greater side for the taste of the food taken into consideration.   Overall :  Ambience : 4.5/5 Hospitality : 4/5 Food : 3/5 Cost : 3/54.0<>The roof top is incredible.the food quality is wonderful. Also the service is nice as it's is very prompt..must try the pepper chicken n all the decor are incredibly Worth talking pic of..the view from the top floor is like you are in a foreign country..as the WTC and shereton hotel just live up to the expectation. Shusmita served me well.4.0<>An open spaced place with an amazing view. Food: isn't that great but still is a must try, atleast for the place. Ambience: on the 4th floor, it's windy and nice for a hot cuppa coffee! Service: a little too slow but the staff is kind and polite. They have an open bar too and it's definitely a place for a good, romantic dinner. A date spot!5.0<>To begin with, Jet Lag stands at heart of Rajajinagar and they serve all types of culinary Dining Experience. the view from the top floor is so exquisite that it begs you to get a seat near the roof top that overlook the entire Ooru. One of the many things that make this place stand out from every other dining place in North Banglore ,this is an amazing experience in itself , Ambiance- Jetlag introduces the first jet concept themed restobar in Bangalore , which have 4 different concept of seating 1 Jet Lag Jet 2 BbQ 3 Hunters and the last Sky Top All the floor have food and beverage service which makes your dining experience much better. As I visited on weekdays so the delivery of food and beverage was on time. Service 5/5 Ambiance 5/5 Choice of Veg 4/5 Value for money 5/5  however, comes at a cost but trust me, it is way more worth the money as the experience is next to nothing.5.0<>Nice ambiance every floor has different ambiance. Lovely food with great service. Spl thanks too Mr. Prem, abishek and Manish. Must visit. 😍😍😍😍😍3.0<>Services are quite poor...till you go and call someone for a table noone bothers to respond. You can wait for whole night and expect noone coming to help you out. After you somehow get a place, you have to run and catch he of the waiter or you can wait whole night. The quantity of food is not at all reasonable with the pricing and the quality/taste is also not that great. It's a good place to stand and take selfie considering the background is good for the same.4.0<>Nice place to have a lunch out with friends. Service was good and so was the food. Ambiance was also nice and we all had a good time. Excellent place to get high and njoy north Indian delicacies. Definitely would recommend it to friends.3.0<>Alright ! We booked our table at 8. Unfortunately, we dint get a table on 4th floor as we had our niece with us and they don’t allow ppl below 18 -Hookahbhited! We goto 3rd floor , the place looked all empty with few tables. Finally, moved to 2nd floor and found a place to seat! I dunno it’s so much of an exaggeration of JETLAG! Crowd - Very few in 2nd and 3rd floor Cleanliness- Clean Ambience - Well ok, not as expected as they hyped. May be 4th floor was good. Service - Poor, they don’t serve to the plates . Thankfully they gave on time. Mock tails - Pathetic , don’t order - felt like rasna and soda. Very less options. Veg starters - very less items to order , fries were ok ok, egg pepper was tasty. Main course - I loved the biryani , Dal fry was tasty  Don’t go with too much expectation ! You really don’t get that vibes. Jet lag is lagging behind from other themed restaurants.  Overall experience, have good food and move out cant have longer flight here !3.0<>Ambience - 4.5 ( lot of space and balcony for a selfie is great )  Drinks - 5 (good collection )  Food - 4 ( finger bites good but pork needs work)  Service 1 (sat on the 4th floor service very poor, order took 40min to be served, sauce not served and charged 8% service charge which I realized after paying - would have not paid if I had checked the bill or informed)  VFM - 3.5 (higher if service improves)  Service needs to be improved and inform the customer about the 8% and if they like let them pay.4.0<>**one of the best scenic roof top place**  Jetlag has recently opened near Orian Mall next to shell petrol station. Ambience of this place is really good, tall towers of Brigade and Salarapuria will be seen. They have different seating arrangements for groups and private areas for big groups which is nice. Most of the seats were reserved when i visited this place.  We just ordered for fries and Garden fresh pizza and some drinks. Both of the items were good. Service is also good. Very nice Hangout place around Rajajinagar.  Ambience:4.5/5 Service:4/5 Food:4/54.0<>Deeply madly in love with place. Visited this place on a Monday night, We were seated in the 4th floor that view of wtc was mesmerising.. Can't get it out if my eyes even now ... Bengaluru Jana it's a must visit place.. m sure u Al are gonna love it !!! . . . Ambiance-5/5 Food-4/5 Service-4/5 Music -4.5/5 View-5/5🤩5.0<>Amazing place ....what an ambience...like is it bangalore!!...This resto-bar is a right opposite to sheraton... it's flawless and no complaints about the food or the ambience. What an amazing feel , hope they continue the same charm and amazing food in the future.They have multiple floors with different interiors.  Soups: Tom yom chicken soup - It was perfect , light spicy and best for the chilled weather!.  Starters: 1.crispy corn - It was crispy and tasty  2. Bond's special chicken - It is a semi dry chilli chicken with smoky honey flavour. It was pretty Good, personally I dint feel it that great!.  3. Mutton sheekh kebab - Traditional sheekh kebab with indian spicy and it was Amazing! .  4. Kalmi kebab - It was stuffed chicken kalmi kebab. It was something new , so juicy and delicious .  5. Chicken ghee roast - Authentic mangalorean dish but we were not happy with the dish but the management were quick to cancel it.  6. Jumbo grilled prawns( not in picture) - Honey glazed prawns marinated in garlic and pepper, it was the best of all dishes. Absolutely love the dish!.  Maincourse: Garden fresh pizza - One of the best veg pizza I hve ever had till date, veg pizza can be amazing too!.Omg it's a must try !!  Taste : 10/10 Ambience : 10/10 Overall experience : 10/10  Value for money :10/105.0<>Watte experience 🤩 Visited here to binge on a plethora of food and drinks! Not only did I eat and drink,the Bar Operations Manager Ajesh Joseph gave some food for thought and replicated Jager Meister and taught how to give a simple flavor to water! I have known Ajesh for a while now ,he has just been such a delight-Always sharing his knowledge!  JetLag has some amazing sight to open to and a pool table to keep you engaged whilst your wait!  Thank you Ajesh & Prem to have been around to make this a worthy visit! Must visit!!!!5.0<>Bangalore's New party destination. Jetlag is a huge place with different concepts in every floor. They have indoor and outdoor seating available. Loved everything about the place, the Ambience, food, and cocktails. Everything is great. The staff was very attentive and the service was very smooth. Abhisekh was taking care of us and made us feel very special. I recommend this place to everyone who wants to have a great time and their pricing is quite decent too! The music was on point, as I came in early the DJ who was playing the early set had perfect vibe going. DJ Esha played great Bollywood tracks!  Am I coming back? Of course! Big ups to the management. Keep it up the great work, cheers!1.0<>In all probability.. Jetlag will give you a real Jetlag if not more. Food is beyond average. Even local food joints will ace this place. Don't try their Pizzas, it's no where close to what a Pizza should taste like. Absolutely disinterested staff. Most of the food ordered came in cold. Even on a Sunday night with less than 70% occupancy.. the service completely put me off. I am not even sure if they know what they want to do with this place.  Dear management,  Fix your food and service. I think that's what people come here for.  Thanks.2.0<>This place is not that great for food. I had orders tomato soup it is tastless and I ordered an salad is not that great to say. We had peri peri potato crisps it was good Till started it was very fast service and for main course you should have patience, they took around one and half hour to bring it to the table only when we said to cancel our main course. Then they stared to prepair the main course.  Mail course tast was good nothing else is good  We had after the sun rise moketail. He gave just water added colour  I have rated 2 only for the food taste and and Ambience is ok rest all service and presentation is bad3.0<>Jetlag is an Resto Bar & Grill opposite to Orion Mall.It has 3 floors-2nd & 3rd having Terrace with view of Orion & world trade centre.Ambience is good . had been with friends here for Halloween theme night where they had DJ playing music accordingly .Hallowen theme special cocktails of 5 different types (Whisky,Rum,Wine based). they have decent options for vegetarian & Non Vegeterian. Best I had was Sriracha chilly paneer.didnt try other options.Deserts they had limited options. As it was Halloween themed night it was crowded which effected the service . Overall a good place with beautiful view to hangout.3.0<>I would like to start with a positive note by saying probably one of the most fanciest Pubs Bangalore has ever seen. Situated diagonally opposite the Orion mall and Sheraton Grand. To be honest, it's located at the one of the best places it could ever be at. With a backdrop consisting of the World Trade center, Orion mall, Sheraton Grand and the Bangalore Metro, the deck and the rooftop here are the best in Bangalore in terms of the view. The Ambiance is really fancy too, no corners cut. Spread over 3 floors and an amazing deck to add to it. Each floor is themed in a different way. I was here the last weekend for the Halloween party. So let me give you a elaborate review of how my experience went.  🔶 Highlights of the place 🔶  ▪️ Excellent Location and backdrop. ▪️ Best Rooftop ambiance you'll find. ▪️ Great Interior decor. ▪️Service needs to be improved ▪️Average F&B. ▪️ Higher side of dining.  🔶What I tried?  🔸Salads: Watermelon, cucumber and Feta. 🔸Starters: Veg Nachos, Crispy corn, Sriracha Paneer, Mushroom Spinach Trainkles, Fried Lotus stem. 🔸Main course: Garden Fresh Pizza. 🔸 Desserts: Brownie.  🔶What I would ask them to improve?  🔸 Firstly, you need to up your game when it comes to overall taste of food of each and every dish I had. I really felt it was not in order . I understand it was a Halloween party and there was a large crowd to cater to, but the food was no better when I visited other times as well. It's a sincere suggestion as I'm sure food can be improved in leaps and bounds considering a lot of healthy competition around you. 🔸 Secondly, I would ask you to Improve your man power both inside and outside the kitchen to cater to so many floors and people. Delayed service leads to more frustration among customers. 🔸 Thirdly and most important, your valet parking is a big mess. We had a Illegal parking ticket on our car which is the fault of your valet parking guys. Who would be okay with paying a fine for a mistake committed by your valet guys? I'm really unhappy about this.  Overall a very average experience. This rating is surely for the ambiance and decor, not surely the food and service. I hope you get things in order soon, I would love to revisit the place as I stay nearby. I was really happy that a very happening pub opened nearby but at the moment I'm let down. Hopefully you guys get your act together and soon.  🔺Ambiance: 5/5 🔺Food& Beverages: 3/5 🔺Service&Staff: 3/5 🔺Value for money: 3.5/54.0<>It's always good to see new pubs opening around Malleshwaram/ Rajajinagar and Jetlag is a beautiful place right opposite Sheraton with a stunning view of WTC and Orion mall. Spread over 3 floors with two floors being rooftop, the ambience is really nice and chill.  This is my second time here and the halloween party was lit with a well done theme party, halloween themed cocktails that were presented well and tasted amazing.  For starters, we tried the Sriracha paneer which had a right balance of flavours but could be improved quantity wise. The corn nibbles and nachos were tasty too. The crispy lotus stem was tangy and spicy but was a little too crispy for my liking. For mains, I tried the garden fresh pizza which I felt could be improved. My end to the meal was perfect with the brownie that was soft, chocolately and absolutely delicious!  The staff are courteous and sweet but could be a little bit more responsive. The music played was a mix of languages and enjoyable.  Overall, a great place in the locality. Will definitely give this place a try again :)3.0<>Jet lag is spread over 3 floors and two of them are terrace and upper terrace. Well lit and has an amazing view of the Orion Mall and world trade center. And windy enough to have pleasant time.  So I had been here with a few friends for their Halloween party. Loved the Sandalwood and Bollywood mix that the DJ was playing, since I'm prefer kannada and Hindi music.  The Halloween candy cocktails were based on different alcohols and well presented to suit the theme of Halloween. All the 5 cocktails were distinct and attractive in terms of taste and presentation which is Innovative.  The Sriracha Chilli Panner was extremely tasty and amazing soft panner.  Because of excess crowd, the service was quite slow and could be improved. They need work on their burgers and Desserts.4.0<>I visited this place for dinner along with my family on the occasion of my dad’s birthday on a Tuesday Evening .  I opted this place because I wanted a themed restaurant with the roof top and this was the perfect place and it’s very huge and spacious also it’s spread for 3 floors .  It’s a Jet themed restaurant and the themes are different in each of the floor and in the first floor all the furniture are in the shape of a jet and they have spaceship windows with clouds and the second floor they have good lightings and the third floor is the rooftop where the view is really good and upon that there’s even a floor for private parties. The restaurant is totally dreamy types !  Now coming to the FOOD we ordered ;  • GHEE ROAST CHICKEN •  It was all minced chicken which was so tasty and oven roasted in ghee and marinated in spicy Indian tadka . It was so good that we ordered another plate !  • ACHARI MURGH TIKKA •  It was a boneless chicken cut in the perfect square shape deliciously pickled in tandoor . It had around 6 pieces served with lemon and onion .   • KHANDARI CHICKEN TIKKA •  It was basically served in BBQ with the moist succulent chicken pieces roasted on a leaf with thick khandari masala . This was the best dish I have ever had in this place .  • EGG BIRYANI •  After heavy chicken starters we opted for a plate of egg biryani which tasted as good as chicken biryani and it wasn’t heavy served with raita !  • CHEESE CAKE •  As it was my dad’s birthday ordered this I told them to customise the cake and they decorated the plate very well and even DJ played the “ Happy Birthday “ song ! The cake was delicious with digestive biscuit crust .  Overall my experience at this restaurant was very good but almost at the end of the meal while serving the biryani and the chicken ghee roast and the bill they made us wait for a long time as there was a celebrity guest at the private party and it was their duty to look after the other guests also well and all the staff gave attention to them rather then serving us !  Since it was a weekday got a good place for parking and there’s an availability of a valet parking too !  RATINGS ;  - FOOD : 5/5 . - AMBIENCE : 5/5 . - SERVICE : 3.5/5 . - VALUE FOR MONEY : 4/5 .5.0<>Huge place with fantastic set up and an awesome view to admire. Good food, helpful staff and it's the newest happening spot in rajajinagar. Hop in to click tons of pictures and a good time😊3.0<>The place is new we can understand but being waited for 15 min just for menu after asking the order was not delivered there is a lot of difference in top floor and ground floor staff. The ground floor man I don’t remember his name but he was at bar counter with white and black wearing with beard he look after us so good that he offered us drinks and even he allows us to play pool a true bar man.. the management should brief the staff how to treat customers.4.0<>Jetlag This place is massive with multiple floors. They have different interiors on each floor and it goes really well with their concept. They have a rooftop seating with a beautiful view of World Trade Center and Orion mall. Suggestion to the management is to add few more staffs for open and semi open dining.  If we talk about food, all the dishes we ordered was upto the mark. We had ordered smoky veg burrito, pesto paneer tikka, vegetable tak a tak and biryani. We asked for mexican taco and it wasn’t available, this was really disappointing because this place has just been started.5.0<>WOW. ... when we enter in restaurant feeling was awesome. Cozy wheather and nice staff from bouncer to manager all are well trained and friendly. Definitely we visit again :-)4.0<>Fasten your seat belts and prepare to take off for a memorable dining experience. Visited the place last Friday for dinner. The restaurant could be easily located on the main road opposite Orion mall , in between Stories and @home stores. Valet parking is available. The restaurant is massive with multiple floors. Different yet beautiful interiors on each floor. We were seated on the 2nd floor since we had our 7 year old daughter with us however open & semi open dining space are on 3rd and 4th floor with awesome view of the Orion mall and World Trade Centre to give you company. There is a secluded space provided for selfies which appears like a mini helipad, there is also a fighter plane dummy which has been carefully planted on the terrace which adds on to the theme of the restaurant. DJ played some decent music and the music is audible on all floors. Stewards were friendly and gave proper attention to our table despite the busy evening for the restaurant. We had ordered for Scampy with Kimchi Soya, Rosemary lamb chops, Kandhari Chicken tikka, Chicken Lasagne, French fries, Asian clear glass noodle soup and for desert we had Jetlag spl Banoffee Pie, we liked all the items on our table but if I have to pick one, I would say Rosemary lamb chops stole the show for us that night. I would have given 5 stars however I subtracted one from 5 since initially while entering the restaurant we were not sure if its a safe place to dine out looking at the commotion at the entrance created by a bunch of men trying to park a decorated Jeep on the pavement which later we came to know were the restaurant's bouncers. Also, I guess creativity in terms of matching the cutlery, steward uniform, table mats with the restaurant's theme, funky flight announcements with the music, etc would be a great theme enhancer. Overall, I would want to visit the place again and would look forward to enjoy the great (evening) view on the top most floor with good music and good tasting food.1.0<>Not very friendly to visit with family. Food is also not good. when ordered Starters and soup, they serve starters first and soup lately, also all the ordered food is brought at same time not served well.5.0<>Very good place to hangout, nice ambiance nice food, very good service and service of food is very fast, price is also reasonable. Jetlag is in city center easily reachable4.0<>Located right opposite orion mall..at 3rd floor The food is good ,the staff are friendly,dtinks were excellent .Good place to hangout for couples .. Had a good time ..will back .Good luck team .3.0<>Ambience is 10/10 for this newly opened place. The nachos were good but the fries, the veg biryani, peanut masala, and few more stuff we ordered were okayish. The dj nights are good and the drinks section are good with the mocktails. Hope the food improvises with time. The place was more than expected according to ambience and music. Only improvements needed is the food. The staff were very friendly and they did take our feedback sportively and promised a well improved taste in future. All the best Hope to see you guys soon.2.0<>The hype for this place was totally not worth it. The food here is real bad. The crispy corn was under-cooked, the wedges was sweet and the chicken tasted very bad. Didn’t like their food even a bit. The high volume of music was unwanted. There are 4 floors. The last 2 floors are rooftop which looked decent. The 2nd floor is BBQ and grill. And the 1st floor is restobar, The place which I visited. Didn’t like their ambiance. Seating was very uncomfortable. The place was dimly lit. Service was bad too. Waiters weren’t attending our table. There was so much chaos near the valet. Cops were taking pictures of the vehicle’s number plates parked there. The drivers weren’t understanding what to do. On the whole, this place was a major disappointment. Would not want to go back.5.0<>This is just awesome place once we were in host Latha Greeted with warm smile that impressed us lot later we were accompanied by our waitress Sushmita she was really great and did her job perfectly she made surer sur that we had great evening and dinner So let’s come food part we ordered for chicken wings which shocked us with sizzling experience later we went with pepper egg with was also too nice And ambience no complaints from my side how this was made so cool patterned with three floors drinks were too awesome Overall satisfied 5 out of 5 star rating from my side for this place gonna visit this place soon again ...😍😊4.0<>Located near Orion Mall. Has 3 floors (2nd,3rd and 4th) Good food Friendly staffs ❤️ Amazing ambience Music was a bit loud The drinks were good . I really liked the “Blood River🍹”5.0<>Newly opened, spawning four floors. Themed. Rooftop and alfresco dining area. Courteous staff, valet parking available. Great for a drink and snacks. View of the Sheraton and Orion mall from the top two floors.